hopeless for tmr :(
Everything in the kids section of IKEA is so cute. Shame I'm nearly 19 in 2 months :(
That heart sliding into the waste basket. :(
I hate Japanese call him "bani" :( :(
Me too
Dang starting next week I have "work" :(
oh god, my babies' faces :(
make me smile :((
work neighbour on motors. Asked why and he said hates the updates on search :(
sialan:(
Athabasca glacier was there in #1948 :-( #athabasca #glacier #jasper #jaspernationalpark #alberta #explorealberta #
I have a really good m&amp;g idea but I'm never going to meet them :(((
mare ivan :(
happy trip, keep safe. see you soon :* :(
I'm so tired hahahah :(
With knee replacements they get you up &amp; about the same day. :-( Ouch.
relate to the "sweet n' sour" kind of "bi-polar" people in your life... cuz my life... is FULL of them... :(
pleasse :(
im not sure tho :(
I feel stupid
I just can't seem to grasp the basics of digital painting and nothing I've been researching is helping any :(
Good Lord. :(
I feel lonely someone talk to me guys and girls :(
No Assignment, but we have Project. :( really?
just want to play video games/watch movies with someone :(
choreographing is hard : (
what the email link? Still says that it's no longer available :(
cries bc i miss mingming so much :-(
Sorry :(
mom so far away :(
We're truly sorry :( have a safe flight.
and my friends :(
oh :( i hate when that happens i get so sad over it too
Oh. Dog has peed in my bag. :-( So I cant take it to #NewWine15
doushite :( ?
too late :(
It sucks so much been sick i was plan to start work on my first gundam to night but nope. :(
MY $$$$2 DOLLAR :(
Listening back to old shows (I know, I'm weird). Just got to u leaving: might give up. It was pale imitation after :-(
i went in the sea and now have a massive fucking rash all over my body and it's the most painful thing ever i want to go home :((
hi. Why are you absent? :(
My Gran tho !!! She knew but didn't care to tell me :((
SAME IT'S SO CUTE I LOVE IT SO MUCH I WISH THERE WOULD BE A SEQUEL :(
busy sa school :( next time love yah! xx
Ouucchhh one of my wisdom teeth are coming through :(
frightening case. It really gets to you :(
pret :(( Verfied be active, don't forget to follow all member. Thanks for join. Goodbye"
Youve got me in chains for your love :( a sentir-se incompleta
it's okay.. but.. :((
why didn't you go on Wednesday :(
Marvellous - not. How very thwarting :-(
Awh what's the chances when u off to Zante? We need to do something :-( x
When's your birthday ? :(
that was the worst part and I still feel bad about it :(
audraesar: All these sushi pics on my tl are driving me craaaazzyy :(
Really want this :(
Popped like a helium balloon.. :-(
#ClimateChange #CC California's powerful and influential air pollution watchdog.: Califor... #UniteBlue #Tcot :-(
I was so sad because Elhaida was robbed by the juries :( she came 10th in the televoting
#ClimateChange #CC Idaho will not restrict fishing despite regional drought-linked die-of... #UniteBlue #Tcot :-(
#ClimateChange #CC Abrupt climate change may have doomed mammoths and other megafauna, sc... #UniteBlue #Tcot :-(
#ClimateChange #CC Australia's 'dirtiest' power station considers 'clean energy' biomass ... #UniteBlue #Tcot :-(
#ClimateChange #CC It ain't easy being green if you're a golf course in California.: Ulti... #UniteBlue #Tcot :-(
Well I am sure your work day is over before mine :(
IM GONNA MISS U SEXY PREXY :(((((((((
i miss my kindergarten kids :(
HUNGRY :-(
cant find the only book that keeps me sane :((
Literally there are three lounge events why :-( So much turn up I'm sad
Miss you Boss :(
I love hozier :-(
that's true, I just want it soooooooner :(
Ahh Fam :( #RespectLost
I'm sorry :( ! What is hypercholesteloremia ? Are you ok ?
Baby still looks tired :(
Can someone gift me calibraska :(
the massive shame about it is we would actually be genuine contenders but it won't happen :(
My head always hurts if I stay up late lmao :(
how are u older than me :(
Backed out :(
u sound upset :(
So much misses :-(
I MISS INFINITE :-(
AoS doesn't do it for me but I don't want to stick with 8th either. :(
its too much serious yun eh :(
My room is way too hot :-(
I still havent found my Handsome Jack drawing :((((
shit :(
But cut encore :(((( #bad4thwin
I wish I had my own Baymax :(
Sick :(
French mixers miss you so much :(
Wft.. can't watch the awesome replay!! :-(
what happened?? :(((
Party promotions are over :(
Music bank encore always so short :(
BABY BOY :((((
my order has been received at the hub nearest but doesn't look like it will be delivered today :( (1/2)
Why is my mum playing music out loud :(
The finale of Parasyte fucked my feelings alllllll the way up :(
i wish :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Good bye Party era :(
Me too_:(` ):_
nathann I never got a chance to take a pic with you :( got a hug tho! Pic next time I see you?
some girl came up to me and was like "you are so beautiful :-(" I want to dieididieieiei she's so cute
Party goodbye stage :( but this means Hello to Lion Heart and You Think
Tell her to screw herself. I'm gonna have a netflix and chill on my own. Y u do dis ervin :(
ohh no :(( and yeah i hope she comes back soon too
I am. I've accepted the offer..but im desperate to take the year out. :(
Come back :(
Snapchat me - AmargoLonnard #snapchat #snapchat #kikhorny #snapme #tagsforlikes #batalladelosgallos #webcamsex :(
UGH I CANT STREAM TMR I HAVE DUTY :(
u've gone too far :(
What about her alien thing :(((
aww I don't really wanna get my hopes up but I wish that he would :((
sorka no :((
i knew u would be sad :( were having a funeral i was gonna text u but i have no phone
Sunny :( i feel so bad....
So nonexistent wowza :(
back off fah she's mine :-(
taylor why did you crop yourself out :(((((((((((((((
Boo on both counts :-(
new guitar :(
so when will i get my jonghyun hyung? :( please predict it :(
I hope SJ will be nominated soon but no SJ vs INFINITE pls :(((((
Yeah dudes, keep calm and brace yourselves :-(
sir plus 4 please :((
THEY LOOKED SO SHOCK OMGGGG :((( YALL DESERVE IT :((((
Whenever I would spend the night we would smoke and watch a movie but he would always end up falling asleep on me :(
We were 1 point close to grand finals! :( whyyy
:( that's a long time
Oh, that must be so annoying Evan :( Do the texts give the option to opt out?
Who's doing giveaways for muster goods? :( or any merchs
ah too bad :(
People are looking at me funny because I'm drinking savanna with a straw :(
Good bye stage :((((
AND WHY DID YOU IGNORE ME YESTER AFTERNOON :(
I can't sleep :( someone talk to me
yeah :(
yes sadly :(.
Very :(
whens the album coming? :(
The last of my chocolate has been consumed. :(
ugh i have werk in the morning too :-(
foreals :( a wesen uwesiti mj
I will if I catch him online long enough - haha! He's being very annoying!! :(
Bosen :(
Dying for some egg benny :(
Sometimes I hate you :((
baby followback huhu :(
but no ones as cute as u so :(
You're gonna watch this shit and understand how badly you scared me! &gt;:(
I miss Al, Katie, Zaz and Amy a lot :((
I liked a video More subs plz :(
Can u make a diary while you're all there please :((
Sorry :(
:-( I don't read most of these rehash websites that have mushroomed. A good piece may be by exception &amp; reaches one anyway.
and yes its been a while vicky omg :-(((((
WTF LIKE YOUR LIPS STILL A VIRGIN OMG MOM GET A LIFE YOURE 45
Hahah : (
niNASTY tsktsk oppa wont like u call his dick kawaii he is manly &gt;:(
So Lonely :(
can't go back to sleep :((
i wanna go on xbox for netflix but am already too comfy in bed :(
miss youu :(
sigh i feel bad for our girls :(
lol! I love sweet potato fries :(
guess y'all ugly asf HUH :(
eish ive been quit i know...i lost my twitter mojo shame...n i dont know how to get it back :( mara im sure you can help me neh
aww i've got a fever :( but #bad4thwin &lt;3
Poor bb :(
I'm not able to go! :( It's the Association of Green Councillors conference this weekend...
My skype account is out of order. I think it's been hacked. So if you were in my contacts I'm sorry :( I'm creating a new one soon.
i miss your tweet spree oh :(
Yes na! As sholong reject my proposal :( Gee U don fly go gidi? The way i'm being pampered in this lagos ehn....""
i guess im arresting my girlfriend :((
hes such a nice person idk why anybody would say that to him :(
You know when a song just disappears from your phone and iTunes? I've lost Dazed and Confused :(
FEVER. :-(
"Do you think they survived???"
"Well, they did find all the missing bodies in fragments, so no. But it would've been nice if they did." :(
im being forced to go :-(
Horrible weather to be going to work in :(
wish that both of us could change this :(
walao kbs never show encore :(
Sending. Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
Being ill is the worst :(((
its not the same. :(((((
Hope #DJDerek is found safe &amp; well had many fun times at his gigs, absolute legend :(
yeah and it's like why do you need to wait till saturday to give us homework pa :((((((( WHAT IF U MADE PLANS 4 DA WEEKEND????
Greek Tragedy is such a cute song :((((
same :(
Raining on me today :(
Gym it is then
whats wrong? :(
Oh god!!! I'm strucked by the pain... Cant take it anymore!!! :(
come to Belgium :(
Fabian Delph has fallen :(
WHERE U BEEN HIDING BABY :((
I'm draking silently so they can't hear it :(
Rest in peace mo :(
not much chance of game tonight :( #t20blast
ahhh u see? U wouldn't wake up :(
Mumma! Im on 7% :(
I hope so :(
I'm gonna be dead tomorrow :(:
:( I'll do high you do low
sad pray for me :(((
how very appropriate! :(
poor him. . . :(
I'm still awake :(
woke upp now i cant sleep :(
No one is up to help me :(
i don't know :(( just be happy for him :(
hi, can you do me some dms with luke please ?:(
hey babe i just came across this pic..what is this about? I cant read hindi :(
their reactions :(((((
5s :( i think it's bc im running out of space tbh
I wish I could come and see you but on Disability pension with PTSD makes it impossible both physically and financially :(
Why does it have to rain :(
nooo why they broke up!!! They were soo amazing togheter!! :(
suck for me which mean I have to watch you play it around 1 p.m. my time :(
Don't be like that :(
You cant hold another week? September 21st. :-((
why they cut the encore i wanna see snsd infinite interaction :(
i miss watching anna akana videos :(
askip t'existes pas :(
Sadly not :( - the channel owner decides which regions it broadcasts to. Thanks, Kei. Please rate our se...
i dont think or will ever notice me :( I STILL EXIST
The traffic is terrible :(
I've been eyeing on a small kate spade bag too! Pero walang maganda :(
haha aw, I miss you too! Haven't seen you for agessss :(((
Sigh... :(
Add me on Snapchat - CorineHurleigh #snapchat #snapchatme #instagram #addmeonsnapchat #sfs #quote #kiksexting :(
I have no bum in Zara trousers :(
All these sushi pics on my tl are driving me craaaazzyy :(
My after effects not spanish :(
Aww the poor thing :( Hope it'okay and in good health. luckely it has been freed from those Rocks #orcalove
first i tried this but no result :(
I want my braces back! :(
I need a big cuddle from Lew and kisses on my face :(((( I don't want to go through this again
ems haha :(
Craving for Banana Crumble McFlurry and Fries :(
We're not going on the cable cars now because my brother got scared and doesn't want to :(((
i miss hello venus's old concepts tbh i rly like do you want some tea :(
tagal :(
We've lost in album and broadcast points :(
i have this awful appointment tomorrow and i'd like to feel OK going in to it, since I won't be after it &gt;:(
This sucks I want to go home :(
There's no milk left for my cereal :(
Huh :( yes
we lost at the album and broadcast :((((
So sad :( via
Everything and all :(
follow me :((
yeah, I tried to film the date at the start. At the time of filming it had 4 days left. :(
no, because you will get more than one and i think its not the same from the previous one :(
I can't smile :(
I'm following 73 users who aren't following me back. :(
when will got7 : (
seems to be everywhere today :(
for the fansign and take photo is more expensive :(
Zzzzzz.....please don't let the sun come up yet.... :(
When your bff's extremely stressed and you can't do anything but pray...
ahh no win for the goodbye stage :(
True, deosn't help that Liverpool were here last week, most have never been to Pool though :(
yes bro..lost many too :(
praying for you all. So sorry this happened : (
Great news, thanks for letting us know :( We hope you have a good weekend!
it's so fucked :(
- My self esteem was on the lowest :(
they feel and look better where people can't see tbh
They look so tacky :((
taken say :(
man all I got is lucky charms :((((
#Haaretz #Israel :-( Syria continues to develop chemical weapons, officials tell WSJ: WSJ rep... #UniteBlue #Tcot
i want all these bts merchs :(((
Only one more day :(
Should have taken a pic before mrs wong confiscated my art work :(
#Bad4thWin you guys omg :((((((
I hadn't thought of an icepack. Big doses of pain killers on board. But it is feeling very very painful already :( *whimpers*
it's okay :(
says the Man U fan :(
:(( I wish I could be there to say a final goodbye to them
Will do Senpai &gt;:( -looks up on all of buttsex-
But I was joking on the headline. So aren't we friends? :( Pls dn't brk my heart. :'(
When someone hits a head voice and I'm like "I would sound amazing if I could do that too." But no... I can only do falsettos :(
NOTICE ME :(((
I hate our time zone :(
MY snapchat - LeanneRiner19 #snapchat #hornykik #loveofmylife #dmme #pussy #newmusic #sexo :(
when will S2 be aired in Spain?? The delay is killing us... :(
not a single untruth here :(
My last cross country in IJ was amazing!!!!!!! Can't bear to leave :-(
I can't drive so :(
when I have my own little apartment can like someone come live with me :-(
soshi didnt win :(( buttt congrats infinite!! #bad4thwin
I'm working Saturday and Sunday so Friday is a bad day for me :(:(
going home soon :(
I shoulda moved away w my boys when I had the chance cause they're the only people I want at times like this :(
Heyyyyy i wanted to see yeols solo danceeeeee :((((((((((((((
Inter offer Nemanja Vidic to Roma...but they don't want him either :(
My mom's a linguist. My dad's a computer scientist. And I am the dumbest one in the family :-(
broken for me :( I really wanted my morning ice cream in the pouring rain...
would you ever consider creating crash course videos about computer science? There aren't many resources at my school :(
all ice cream vehicles are busy :(
ate ayex what do you eat? youre sexy :((( I swear I eat a lot. No chill lamon haha
This weather has me scrolling through my contacts of people I've curved on some "hey you " sigh* :(
so i'll be getting my cement cast tomorrow :(
Shit 10.3k???? :(((((
*sign out* :((((((
zayn :((
(bot) If you follow me, plz send to me mention. Because I can't notice :(
these JMU camps are such a tease bc I just wanna be here now :(
that's one of the sweetest things I've ever said, awuna mbulelo :(
This fucking bad link isn't working and I can't watch the match! :(
Oh no Mr I Pigs not turning on :( although there's a weird crackling noise when I plug him in coming from the plug ,I'm thinking fuse?
dammit I tipped Carlton :( #AFLBluesHawks
miss you :(
go to bed :(
Am want to go Alex's house :(
so true! This was part of a motorsport series (all on one disc) :(
All I want right now is the A, followed by the D and a cheeky J after that
Instead I've got some SEO and some NLs to be getting on with :(
sure!!! Sorry :( x
hey bud! Christy is really sick so I can't leave these 2 at home :( xo thanks man
My niece is having a better summer then me :(
I just wanted a bloody sandwhich :(
:( it is
Buset :(
#Discrimination :-( Five things we learned about pregnancy discrimination today | Left Foot F... #UniteBlue #Tcot
#Discrimination :-( Maternity discrimination: When I needed my boss, he kicked me in teeth - ... #UniteBlue #Tcot
#DomesticViolence :( Proposed New Law Will Help Domestic Violence Victims - 98FM: Victims ... #UniteBlue #VAW :-(
i missed you :( it was okay. lol. I did nothing.
exactly but unfortunately :(
Such a stressful and upsetting day yesterday, the UK government sucks :(
Ugh, well I could still say that I'm lucky because I am Sapiosexual. :((((
Aww too bad :(
Ive been trying to play the damn beta for like 12 hours now :(
I don't want to be in a world where Hulk Hogan has been scrubbed from WWE history :-(
im so tired! :(
This weather isn't making me want to go to the gym at all..... :-(
Link doesn't work! :(
Irene seemed so sad after making that mistake :(
Naa unfortunately, I didn't have my phone on me :(
ITS SOLD OUT :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
i hate u &gt;.&lt; &gt;:( #H_My_King
we lose again :(
Valentine et al found r'ships btwn homo/biphobic comments &amp; certain disciplines - incl. European langs, lit, education :( #fresherstofinals
when will you notice me :( i'm so hopeless
my dreams are gettin too realistic for my liking thx !!! cant tell whats real n what isnt :((((
either or but would prefer Benzema! We won't get any though :(
hahahahahaah i donno korean language :( only few russian ) waaaaa
what about me? :( #EidWithGrofers
Someone talk to me I'm boreddd :(
don't you just hate it when you get called a mug
pisses me off &gt;:(
I miss you, but I know you dont care." :((
no I can't do it, don't have the option on my phone :(
I love Tiddler, but that was really silly :( but at least well be getting real new cards in like 1 hour..
:( well this sucks
Infinite win :(
Are you sure that Chorong is the leader? # # I can't be sure anymore :(
when will the clan slots be open :((
Pffff doing a private #bugbounty and only finding self-XSS and host header poisoning :( Need some code execution #ktksbye
When your connect leaves a company and they don't alert you :(
you cancelled my ice cream uber order. Everyone else in the office got it but me. :(
ahahah i consider it petite, i have a love hate relationship with my height :(
will cost you 600 k to get security alerts on odoo 8 if you are an Odoo partner. Far from community spirit. :-(
jgh :( im so effin tired
facebook, y u no work ? y u do this facebook ? :(
No ones up :((
No unfortunately :( Sorry!
Anyone else's show box not working?!?!?:(:(:(:(:(
AP won't be the same anymore :-(
story of my life...!! Love London and can't imagine living elsewhere but it's gonna have to happen someday :( I have NO space!
Oh no Ben :-( That is terrible, please provide us with the name of the branch you visited. We would like to address your concern.
Poor guy :(
I feel your pain, It's like the Welsh Pod all over again :(
i can't wait for the movie to come out :(
Hi Julie, I'm sorry you feel this way :( Whats happened? ^Laura
i cant :-( im still inside the train station waiting for the person ;_; home is another hour away D;
not anymore :(
some people need not to talk-kama hawako around :( :(
Waa Kimaaaaaani prisssss!
Baggage claim. The final goodbye to all your new plane friends :(
i miss niamh i havent seen her in forever :(
Yeah I screwed up again :-( and this time I thought I did something good good
I have! :(
hmmm, they always have so much sugar in them, I rarely make them. Sorry I couldn't help. :(
I literally have no time to watch paper towns :((
what's the score don I'm stuck at work :(
Agh keeps cutting out in the middle of #undercoverboss :-(
please please come back to wwe :(
I'll be there around 10. My train was delayed. :(
Having a full time job means you only gonna have part time fun :(
My cats have forgotten who I am and they hate me :(
I know it's long and I played for 15 hours. :(
u already have most of them :(
yep again :(
WHY MUST THE VIDEO STOP THO :(
wisdom teeth giving me so much ache :((
Y is no one up :-(
my wrists feel so naked bc i forgot my watch &amp; bracelet :((
Did you ligo na? :(
The Day A Dozen Parents And Children Killed A Baby Shark For A Selfie :(
So this is Heartache? :(
I don't think so :( #zayniscomingback
little mix are coming to sweden tomorrow and i can't see them :-( im sad
my heart is breathing for this moment in time, i'll find the words to say before you leave me today :(
Elmhurst FC are over :-( I'll always be #ETID
Miss chillin'with you :(
Forget to my Job.
I'm sorry my father. :(
IsTanya going2supply all d EXTRA infrastructure,teachers,doctors,nurses,paramedics&amp;other countless things2cope with it all?&gt;:(
I liked a video PASHA IS CRYING AFTER TERRIBLE DONATE :(
i'm so bored!!! pleas can 1 Arianator talk to me? :(
lmao hahahaha slr jgh from school :((
My live streaming sucks or is it just me :(
Kendall and Kylie are killing me on Kylie's snapchat :(((((
absolute world to me I was so close to seeing him but he did not show up in manila :( i cried so fucking hard that time
Jeebus. Reabsorbtion of tooth, abscess, threatening to affect my lovely front crown :( and OOOOOOOOUCH!!!
oh barney :((
Awh why :( were nice
Sometimes it be's like that, yo. Follow someone and then a few days later realise they're problematic as fuck. Life :(
THEY DIDNT EXPECT THAT OMG THEIR FACES :((((( IM SO PROUD OF YOU INFINITE
This day is such a mess! :(
I miss you maa :( why didn't you ever tell me its going to be like this without you?
Help me :(
Why no Bangalore? :(
awww :(
at least u never got called luis manzano tho
thanks shaaaa! Miss u super :(
WE DIDN'T GET THE 7TH WIN :(
Meeting with the convener at 2:30pm :( not looking forward to it!
how was the party last night? Shame I couldn't go :( would of been lovely to have seen you again x
No!!! Why did you delete me?:(
#TURKEY ARE NOW #BOMBING #ISIS IN #SYRIA,AND ALLOW THE #USA TO USE ONE OF IT #AIRFIELDS FOR THEIR #JETS :()
I want Jack's follow so bad, but I don't want to be annoying by spamming him :( sooo follow me please?
mommy's in manila and I've only seen her once :(
The reason why I'm always, always overweight... sigeg habhab :( masud pa kaha kos akong un
yes thank u!! Oh damn that hella sucks :-( but at least u had a really good time that's all that matters
no pala omg hahaha i have driving lessons :(
aW i wanna go and see dolphins again :( so cute xxx
hoLY FUCK are u okay / text me if u need anythin !!! :-(
I miss you :(
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
I See this trend an in radio the next sing is See you again...:(
Beware: agonising thought experiment ahead :(
Last time I was here, was a funeral and a again funeral. Modimo ho tseba wena fela. :( feeling emotional at...
what's wrong with me :(
and now me too :( hubby will be delighted to return home lol
SO SAD FOR THE GIRLS OH WHY DIDN'T THEY WIN :((((
I want something new too, damn you bills!! :(
Nowt worse than a sad looking willy :(
sad moment when you gon vomit all this out :(
or a famous bowl :(
She's so cute :(
Devastating to find out last night that Titan AE was never actually any good :-(
mark followback :(
omg...you're so beautiful... miss you soooooooo much...: (
miss you so much :( xxxxxx
i used to have such nice hair :(( look at it it's all shiny and long and wavy im emo
have fun in Germany :( I can't be there
I was about to make tea but load shedding was like Ha.a bheyps not now ! Ayemso Hacked :((((
my left ear is swelling :(
read sm quotes on fb which remind me abt sm 1 and am missing him so much now :(
everyone is going to womad but me :(
wut the hell i can't sleep &gt;:(
It is a vicious circle isn't it :( x
there is no surprise :(
Win tickets to Cody Simpson concert in Singapore on August 10! #SpinorBinMusicXCodySimpson pls pls :(
Sorry poooo. :(
Sorry na bh3s :(
Project I want to enter into #PitchWars may not work. :( Only first chap? Mine's a phone call transcript. #ugh
the APMA's :(
this is bad. my shoulder has started to hurt like a bitch :( and we're just a day away from competition! hope it'll be fine in time
it's okay I feel you it happens all the timw :(
don't make the other accs feel bad :( that's just rude
:(( that sucks. Try vitamin e oil massage everyday for a while and it should make them healthier and easier to stretch
What the hell is going wrong :( I don't understand why people choose to hurt each other
I don't know what I'm doing for #BlockJam at all since my schedule's just whacked right now :(
wish I could have been there :(
GUYS add my KIK - thelock76 #kik #kiksexting #sex #omegle #couple #travel #hotgirls :(
Valentine et al (2009) found relationships between homo/biphobic comments &amp; certain disciplines- incl. European languages, lit, education :(
3 ghantay say light nai hay :(
I have it still won't work :(
Rejection is the reason why people deny what they really feel.
this weather is ruining everything :(
No, I was in Laguna :((((
Feeling sick :(
:( exit gomen
what the heck that's not fair I grew half an inch in two years :(
Woke up feeling so sick :(
I wish you cut your hair like this again :(
problem is 1. I'm from UK so it's not $ and 2. I don't have $25 :(
Suuuuuuuper sick :( fever got way worse :(
Me right Now :(
65% digital sales.. having a bad feeling :(
can I use anyones netflix my account is inactive and I wanna watch orphan black :(((
havent seen you earlier :(
whaaat? what is this :((
yes baby kaya i'm so sorry :(((((
NAAAAAN PAS GOODBYE STAGE :(
why does my music keep pausing randomly? It's the only app open :(
3:30am walk down Inglewood ummm bad idea :( ugh stupid anxiety
And it's not easy to be me :(
Belgium :(
This one was ready in 3 weeks and is also Charcoal, but the other one wont be ready til mid-end Aug :-(
NOOoo I've just heard the news :(
rip rodFanta :-(
I wish I was better with words :-(
yes, all wasp stings have been averted. Those bugs are mean :(
Can u feel it? :((:( #exo
please don't leave :(
I'm feel so seekly...:(
Shocking News!!! :( #RIPTito
I can't see it! I'm sorry. Call me a manbearpig, but I cannot see it. Sorry :(
Can i grow shorter pls :(
Academics :-(((((
I want my free ice cream! :-(
"Exclusive to Germany" how unfair is that? :( Esp. regarding the current bleak german charts situation, still no entry even top 100. Pfft.
later I feel out of place :((
it was white washed dude to the Polaroid effect :-(
I feel bad for talking to you... :(
#newbethvideo i love you sooo much! But... I live in Greece so I dont think I'm gonna win :( But always hope!!!! &lt;3
Haha I know right :( He needs a good talking to that Xur does!
Imy too :(
I don't even know what's going on :( fill me in please? !
#soon babe...
Xoxoxo
it's raining here :( but I will make sure I get a picture of him soon
|| I want cereal.
Too bad we doN'T HAVE ANY. &gt;:(
just got home. lost one of my stud earrings :(
I miss his massages :(
KIK me guys : hunde6 #kik #kikhorny #tagsforlikes #skype #kikchat #amazon #kikhorny :(
i lost my 3.4k :(
Yach.. telat.. huvvft..., :(
IT'S BEEN YEARS SINCE I HAVE BEEN IN A ZOO AND IT'S ONLY ON FIELDTRIPS SO NO TIME TO TOUCH :(((
I wanted to hug him after watching this :(
I missed the following spree :( next time though x
Still hoping :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
awww :(( kaya yan! Think positive!
i miss my king,future,boss, and RAIN :(
I want to watch a movie, listen to Sizwe, eat and write my assignments at the same time.... But I can't do that :(
i miss you :(
this time in 20 days i'll have my results kms :(
I have four shifts left with my heart has broken :(
AAAAAHHHHHHHH :( It Is Only 3 pm And I Feel Like Dying Of Boredom....
On me birthday en all :(
Stop playing with my feelings man :( i aint got no time for that. *still hoping*
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
u started it :(
Am I the one whos dont see sinse to trend something like thats? :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Good thing I got those free earrings, as I've somehow lost one of the tiny screw on ball things from one of my barbells :(
owww I'm only about this weekend, I'm on the course next week so won't be able to get into Amsterdam :(
luv u ps. We haven't talked in a looooong time :-( why??
home? but my eyes aint apartement : (
text: :( why
With this rain though? :(
sc, longe :(
especially when you don't like it :( I can't do the same song over and over again :/
Cat on the lap. I have to go out now! :(
:((( &amp; I'm litro gonna be on my own that weekend
shit good shepherd is lami :( 3
thank you. Maybe because of late sleep. :(
I need relax.:-( ...#lungomare #Pesaro #giachietittiwedding #igersoftheday #summertime #summer
my nose is bruised a lil :( :(
Fuck those snake things in Journey. Always went for me, never my partner. Had a beautiful scarf and he ate it :(
i'm hoping that if he comes back to aus i can afford to go again but i dont think i'll be able to :(
It just ruins your #FridayFeeling when you know next day you have to wake up early in the morning....:(
I'll be so sad if there's nothing tonight :(
I want a bad bitch but I aint got no money :(
but i can't fry chicken, woe is me my nigga :(
#MOTN though lighting is not doing my make-up any justice :(
That one person. Is still very important to me...and I don't want her gone any longer...yet I just sit here scared out of my mind. :(...
i rly wanna buy the limited ver as well as the normal edition. huhuhu what to choose? :(
Stack is on M'Lady J8 to J11 M20 :-(
jk im so bored :(( acads scheduled 8 what to do nowwww
couldn't watch cops :( how was James?
i need to clean my window at some point today bc hugh keeps pawing at them and leaving muddy marks everywhere :(
But I don't know what song to sing :(
my mom called me up :(((( i got distracted
heyy i miss you :(
Please be nice tomorrow weather! Otherwise our picnic is cancelled and I've got 24 cupcakes to eat :-(
with you talaga the best. :-(
the only female i wanna get it poppin with is Joc.... but she be playin :(
SO CUTE :(
pm me :(
When I saw #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 "FIX YOU" by Coldplay plays in my Windows Media Player :(
I think I just failed one subj :-( sobrang bv pls pray for me huhu
zamn the line up for afropunk fest brooklyn :(
I'm not there anymore!! Would have signed if I saw you! :( thank you for coming
wish id put more than 50 on real madrid #shithouse :(
Cutest dance ever :((
oppa............./hug ur arm/ why am I like this :(
I asked my boss for a raise once, he handed me a ladder and told me to climb the ladder to success. :-(
to get by, to get by :(
Nerve wracking test. Booset. :(
aw sad :( it's very very long though. Maybe a little longer &amp; you'd love it? I restarted assassins creed II heaps, then fell in love
I don't know why the hell it's playing the next one, I can find no way of turning that off :(
Bored :(
i'm such a terrible daughter :-(
Finally got some time to catch up on games..Wish i could say "Let the games begin"...sigh*..PS3 isn't working :(
my ankle :(
I just stepped in a puddle :-( &amp; I'm wearing slippers!!
Good eve. :(
wake up bby, imy :(
I will cry :(
Video: sararocs: I am so angry at the world :(
pretty hairs :(
fnaf 4 coming after my holiday now :(
cheer up!! :-(
maybe a tweet? :(
and is this today but you're not here :( #anywayhedidanicejob
same same :(
this match history :(
It's 3am and I can't sleep :(
the green one is ugly :( the others are awesome tho
Local legend :(
can't tell you how sad I am we booked on another cruise line and could have done this. Double wail. :-(
When things go wrong they go wrong I have broken my manual wheelchair checked if I can get one that fits from NHS and its 26weeks wait :(
Poor SBENU :&lt; SaSin wasn't happy at all... As the best player on his team.. :(
But Anarchy~~~ :3 &lt;3
rude af, im gonna put my candle away :(
im sure anyone would kiss ur forehead &amp; give u medicine if u asked :( but ur welcome :(
Oops :(
Hoya mah always good looking :(
No comment aing :(
without you just miss you :(
Nobody said it was easy :(
I'm so sorry I didn't give you enough hugs awhile ago b I was just so tired :( But it was so nice seeing you again luv
aw I miss you :(
now hush gurly and bring your purty mouth closer
That made me shiver :(
the website doesn't have the solution, is there anything I can do, I paid for this and I can't even play it properly :(
Dont know why I try anymore. Getting tired of this. :(
gol pea :(
I hate myself for not knowing English :(
Physically, emotionally, mentally, #TIERD :(
My third eye's getting active again :(
thnkyouuuuuuuuu :(
Hi Caroline no we didn't :( Neither did or I think - we figured out it was in US lol
my mirror is more beautiful than me :(
didn't make it to the highlights then :-( They seem to have stopped talking about 'climbing on pure courage' - bit too fishy
I didn't even do anything to it idek :(
did I missed apink performance? :(
Bulet gendut :(
#PARTY goodbye stage :(
noo :( do you know why?
:( *hugs* I hope you can rest soon.
Looks awesome! I miss the days of racing hotwheels cars around my house. :( ^MS
Patch :(
typically we had a power cut last night and I missed it!:( was it good?
ahaha I'm laying on my bed like WHYYYYYY. The pretty wine glasses sucked me in :(
where's your album akon :(
sorry i didnt update you i went somewhere :(
The never ending nightmare is still never ending :(
YA! YA SONG MINO! WHERE ARE YOU? :(
crazyyyy thooo zz from airport straight away to soundcheck and concert :(
hmm is this tweet antagonistic? I literally do sing the obs song :(
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 IP Issue
i was so happy i could finally play the game then this... so sad :(
Bruce just won't smile :(
Its 2:30 in the morning
#SleepDeprived
#TiredAsHell
#Looking4ASpot
Even #Kinara's Closed.. :(
We then Chill at #Awami
Of course :( :( .. I don't understand Y'all gonna ignore questions huh? Niqqa is desperate need of answers lol"
why must you be so tiny :(
so after 2 weeks only mockingjay was left well that was slow :(
you are the only thing that i need :(
Not fair with us from Pb.contestants our dreams not comes true this time :(
I wish :(
snakes on you??:(
My cycle is coming soon :(. Woe is me.
Aarww...I wish I could be there too :( xx
Lol the person i want to hug i cant :( lmbo dangit i miss people to much , cant help it though
I can't sleep now what the heck :(
ohmygod worst case scenario na tooooooo :((((
Nice weather if ur a fucking duck :(
where are you watching the game? :(
Awwww Baechyyy it's okayyyy :( Lol it's cute actually haha
did noone live for my drag drawing ok :(
This started with a picture :(( seriously #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
#Misundersranding days chal raha hai #YHM me :(
Edsa y u do dis 2 me
So tired. Just wanna go home :(
My SNAPCHAT - JasminGarrick #snapchat #kikmeguys #snapchat #webcam #milf #nakamaforever #kiksex :(
tried tweeting UNICEF's accounts but no answer from them :(
fu all :(((((
Home alone :(
has anyone managed to get ice cream? I've been on my app from 1 Stephen Street for last 35 mins and no free vehicles have appeared :-(
So Much New Music that I cant record yet coz my voice is gone :( #Frustration
I think you could do with a hug right now more than me. :( Poor thing! Sent you DM if interested. Hope you get better soon!
I don't like you :(
Woza Please take me with you :-(
very good read promise :(
MY kik : senight468 #kik #kikmeboys #gay #teens #amateur #travel #hotscratch :(
Should I still sell socks? It's too expensive :-( 150-160 pesos is so expensive + you gotta pay for the sf :-(
I don't think I can watch degrassi for about 4-6 nights :((
no bcz kat rejected! i like their chem onscreen tho...ofscreen,he kinda ignores her:(:(
Pak saturday classes, pak monthly test :(
"Please don't put your life in the hands of a rock n roll band who throw it all away" oh the irony :(
GUYS add my KIK : rhisfor500 #kik #hornykik #bestoftheday #chat #snapme #summer #camsex :(
Why did you unfollow me :(
Sad to see you go:( Was there a particular issue? The support team can help: #fxhelp
Really missing my family, friends, bae and Poopie :(((
? Have we been pipped to the post do you think? :-(
Life never felt so good :(
Uff, don't feeling too well today tbh :(
I would but have only 1.300 credits :(
Just for that, you won't get a cupcake!! &gt;:(
Glue factory for Kuchar :-(
please stay, with me :(
OMG THAT CAME FAST! You graduate at the end of the year?! I know :( catch ups are a definite (what we did best at uni anyways)
same..i don't know why :((
thinking about again :(
my EE account still isn't working :(
I didn't see you :(
Tommy and Georgia are so cute they actually hurt my heart :( :( :(
:((( bout to instant transmission
zayn malik please :((
i dont know what to dm you :((
sigh orang suma no time for me :-(
It's not the off shouldeeerr outfit sad :(
damn. Hopefully! We deserve one since it's been ages since our last repack (i wont mention how boy groups gets repacks always) :(
little charles all grown up :( remember when we dyed your hair and it went rihanna red hahahaha that aint no ginge xxx
without you :(
it scared me :(
no boots like that as such! The closest thing I have to boots are my high top nikes and Adidas haha :(
Oh no sorry to hear this :( please can you email the information to instead and they can manually set up? x
same! :(
ifeelyou :(
Training felt harder today..that's what happens going to bed too late n waking up earlier than usual :( #RatBagLater
he doesn't win any :(
who wants to watch paper towns with me tomorrow :(
Did badly in the second semester :-(
never drinking gin again :(
I hope so :(
Gutted for Reynold. The kind of desserts he has done this season :(
That's a village thing everywhere in the world. It's different in big cities, unfortunately :(
uniting oppressed masses can take forever :( look wat happened n afghanistn,war tore it &amp; it ended n s**t.
did sunggyu injure his hand yesterday there's a plaster on his hand?? :(
Sad bc I had a dream that all the boys rtd me, Louis &amp; harry followed me but then I woke up &amp; it wasn't true. :(
5sos hated our crowd :-(
Please take me with you :-(
omg hi!! I miss you guys so much :(
I should be working on that stadium, I'm a boss welder :(
omg I wanna hear ghost stories :(
ago hogo vishaya all adu. BJP madatte anta vishwas ne illa. :(
summer weather wua :-(((
I tried to sleep but I noticed my picky finger started to swell up and :( ugh omg
one of my favourite mutuals just unfollowed me :((
I said gn along time ago my ass can't fall asleep :(
I can't sleep :(
kik - thenting423 #kik #kiksex #omegle #skype #amateur #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexual :(
I haven't even watched any it just syncs from plug.dj :(
My nose and forehead are peeling :(
my mum :(
Car &amp; suspemsion cant cope with all these offroading adventures now theres harvest machinery left in inapropriate places to weave around :((
hahahaha were going nowhere fast. Not without some decent investment. Scottish football is dire at the moment :( #nomoney
are you ok :( Im here if you want to talk
ur not in the nawf :(
do sum :( .
Bechos. :(
danny :(
sorry :(
[ENG] - Let's talk, since can't stream games :(:
OVERLY please do my lab for me :(
OMG LOVE IT TY ZAP :((((((
that makes really distressing reading :-(
Don't wanna live in the world where people get shot when going to cinema #LouisianaShooting :((
Yeah ... I got this shit in a bag. "Laughing in the face of anxiety" har har har. I think ! :( how's it go, chum? Out this weekend?
just ended ncc and now heading to training. gonna be late :-(
I miss them :( I hope they will come back here in PH :(( balik naman kayo oh
Itong shirt oh! :( I want thaaaat!!! :(( (ctto)
Expired and I used BIS money now I'm broke you got BB where is your BIS?"
this makes me feel bad :(
will listen tonight, it's tough having a full time job :-(
Leave me alone :(
started reading at 11 and now its 3:33 :( jfc time flies by
Goodbye stage :( you'll be miss
New bio. Bodo amat :-(
thats it! Watch it go by quick though.. :(
All of my friends are asleep :(:(:(
yelaaaaaaa :(
Sooooooooooo tired :(
is that you? what happened? :(
want to sleep but not tired :((
Home time today for me and :( #dublin
Someone have a harry potter marathon with me :((
tbh i miss you :(
I don't know how to find a balance :((((
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO UNFOLLOW ME?:(
Want a big hug.
Want a sweet smile.
Want a warm eyes.
Since this moment I can't have it.
Would so love to win! Can't afford to buy comics at the moment and I'm pining for them! :(
Oh this isn't good to hear :( What have you been asked to provide exactly?
Is there any chance you could add a keybind feature to Wild Warfare? Because I can't change my controlls so I can't play.. :(
Been diagnosed wiv Scheuermann's disease.......back bone rlyhurts howdo u do it georgesampson cant stand da pain can't do P.E :( x
where is #voice signal? Not able to make calls :-(
What do we reckon are the chances of me seeing any #T20 action in #Taunton tonight??? *hopeful but realistic face* :-(
and 2 weeks of vacation, which I dont have... :(
i love you :(
ugh im so excited for made :(((((((((((((((((
you're good and you should feel good!!! :(
#JusticeForSandraBland #SandraBland this is disturbing just shows the poor women was already dead in the mug shot :(
sick of this feeling. :( i just wanna be happpy
justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm bae! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:34AM)
Delphy Injured :(
weak at dom :( DOM TECHNIQUES?!
ah mince :(
I don't feel good :(
I completely forgot about Final Symphony :(
Need to meet up again sometime soon with Joe and co.
Tbh me too but they now busy wth their concert schedule :( aisyhhh
I haven't been eyed up since I started going bald at the age of 14 :(
Only SeungChan cant get :( Aigooo My Riri
not good :(
My original ticket was 19 :(
depends on when I have a vet visit for sick cat :( I'll let you know?
don't leave :(
i don't wanna get up :(((
i can find most major people EXCEPT his VA
i'm not sure if they just kept it same as luminous but they didn't do that in kms &gt;:(
min follback :(
its been treating me horribly ugh :( im v happy for u !
Good morning! Hope it's a productive one for you. Time for me to get ready for work. :(
"zayn" starts with a small letter Z. Why? :(
they're really unique and refreshing :( the popularity was great too. Just why...just why &gt;_&gt;
Once you start loving someone, its hard to stop.
*Bebeeeee :(
CHEM LT WAS NOT NICE :(((
Because people who point out inaccuracies in jokes might be inaccurate jokes. I got worried :(
burning rn like this is so tragic :(((
I woke up really hungry :(
I love Joy :(
INFINITE GOT TO WIN &gt;:(
Sam I have seen rush 19 times. Would have been 20 in Toronto until my flight was cancelled on day of the show :( stuart
Party's goodbye stage :((
Iyalaya to anybody that would laugh at me today. I'd just have to wear my shades round the clock.:(
What is this ??? #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 :( ;(
aw fuck that sucks :((
As if he wouldn't be happier here running around my house wearing a H&amp;M shirt. :(
noooo :( goodbye fun driving
I'm bored :( this one ubusy le fifa -_-
i wanna go gymnastics with you guys :(( haha
I'm so sick aahhhh i hate this feeling :-(
Ok, back to work :(
My poor noggin! Bumped it a few days ago and it still hurts a little. :( #feelslikeanidiot
I'm forever eating like Pregnant woman these Days :-(
Ugh :( My head hurts.
i dearly miss and love my sunshine :-(
can suk ma buttttttt. except their pumpkin scones.... but they havent made those in years :(((
love outnumbered so much, wish there were more to watch :(
vidcon :(((
:( Feel better soon, Eris. #support
Hello ;3 geez.. i badly miss my 12 precious stars :( EXO&lt;3
Yes Hive always sucks at voting... that is shit :((
They said #GOT7 will back to #VIETNAM this december !!!!! I DUNT THINK SO AWWWWWWWW :(( DON'T KID ME !!!!
IKR :( lol
can you hear my sobbing :(((
so cute :(
but why don't I have buff legs yet :(
noo toni deactivated too?? :(
Bra Shady's kisses though! :-( #Isibaya
this place will forever hold a very special place in my heart :-( gonna miss you Germany
Haven't really slept all night :( I'm in a different place where it's a little colder. Hopefully that will help. Took some meds
Leaving for the airport soon :( don't wanna go home.
i want a sausage roll :-(
Rain rain go away :(
work adios friends :(
I have a cold sore :( ew h8 this. Help
What's wrong with my fb messenger :((((
I wish my band were shittier so we could get booked on Leno :(
Identity crisis :(
3:33 am and all of my roommates are officially knocked out :( so much for an all nighter
A bird just flew into the window and now it's dead :-(
come thru b I miss you :(
Derek likes to tour &amp; visits Wetherspoons Pubs across the UK. Get Police to contact their H/O. Hope he OK. :(
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :(
Even had a dream that Frank Ocean released his new album ffs pls :((((
Snapchat me : LisaHerring19 #snapchat #kikme #kikmeboys #woman #ebony #weloveyounamjoon #sexi :(
Don't know why I gave my white dress with small polka dots away :( *sigh* ndi hacked.
I miss my baby :-(
it is &amp; I'm already having a bad day :-(
It was SO yum but I had to feed 6 so no leftovers :(
Has nobody told you about this side of twitter? It's in the T&amp;Cs. He owns you now. Sorry. :(
The last dick pic I got was awful. It ruined walnut whips for me for life :-(
I also named him and it turned out his wife followed me.
Boah! :(
Things are hard right now, &amp; I can't even be home with Mady to help me through it. :(
i am so :((((((
I know :(
aww no but it's my last semester ever!! :( we def have to catch up sometime soon. We always leave it too long
This manga is just too cute and yet made me cry.. :(
Just like that here at the moment....not. :-(
I ate all the leftovers of the giant #AmINormalYet cookie for breakfast and now I'm clutching my poorly tummy in my PJs and groaning :(
miss you :(
nou youre not :-( here have a picture of Adam
this is a very sad moment :(
that wouldn't be right :((
Ken Saras. Waiting for my sister. She was in accident. So poor :(
did they manage to sort your ticket issue mate? Nobody picked up when i rang the box office :(
Fk!!!!! I have no freaking words to describe this.... Eric Prydz How? like how? :( This is out of the world!!
Not 12 hours after my sister-in-law installed that new seat we bought her she was rear-ended! everyone's fine but seat is trash :(
For the first time in my life I've had to hold my boobs whilst running down stairs, is my no bra life over :(
I like paper books :(
we friends love to eat ice cream during childhood. Missing those days :( #Toothsensitivity
me too :-(
stressful :( you not even my dress size ke shem..
Trust me to be no well :( Awell not be long and I will be to drunk to care #weekendofmadness
i really like this cb but not the outfit this time too bad :(
She threatened me :(
i wanna be a dancer
i wanna be a choregrapher
I CANT :(
whyyyyyyyyyyyy is life so unfair
happening anymore :(
didn't even know you still existed on here haha text me :( 626-430-8715
i've messaged her but she hasn't replied and i dont even think she's active on facebook :(
but i'm at work you hoe xD i can't even look at bby in peace :(((
WHY DO THAT TO US :(
Well it seems like just a dream :(
Dream team recording today :((( im sad xiu couldn't make it :(
Nk gi uss on birthday :(
awwwwww, I'm so sorry to hear that :(
miss you so much ate elisse :(( do u still remember me?
i miss them so much :(
ksoo makes me so emo :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
Wat a small session tat was :(..but still im little happy bcoz for the first time i heard my name from still too short..
awwwww i'm so sorry. :( i bet she's looking down on you&lt;33
no matter how many times i try to sleep... i can't :(
"paper town" :--(((( sm :(((
don't go :(
I'm going to miss you baby! :(( Rancho Imperial de Silang Subdivision
traffic :-(
Twitter Help Center | Why can&amp;#39;t I follow people? via i really really sorry about following evry one :(
Its not hot in Cornwall! its veritably cold :( great prize xx
aww :( thanks anyway!!
Regular gym workouts are so boring when you could be spinning :(
I can't do it anymore. I can't have stress on my body yet my life is based upon stress I just can't do it :(
And I don't see a penny of it... :-( DM me your email address; I'll send you the ebook.
: addicted-to-analsex: sweetbj: #sweetbj #blowjob Mhhh, want to make a man happy now :(
im sed.. :-( the person im meeting is late and im at the other end of sg and i havent taken my dinner yet bless me
I feel left out :(
THEN WHY MENTION MEE OMG /envious/ please oppa eonni stop lovey dovey in front of your poor single dongsaeng :(
I'm workin :( got a day off Tuesday tho haha x
Schade :(
I am gutted! they NEVER do m&amp;g for Belfast :(
im so jealous.. :( because you followed each other with Jacob .. follow me too. Jacob :(
isco :(
my penis is too small :(
omg me every fucking month... :(
I wish my dog liked to cuddle :(
Come on Carlton :(
babe :( can u still read thru the conversation on ur hushed?
Sometimes I wonder what went wrong :( guess I'll never know
And more violence... :( ...we are a Soul Sick nation...praying for Louisiana.
#Lafayette #matteroftheheart #peace
waduh..pantes :(
you know, I actually got suspended for smoking, can you believe it? Teenage me was such a fucking cliche :(
Already miss so much :(
I miss youuuu :((((
Today #RMA jersey :(
your so fake I texted you :(
not you :(
[ENG] - Let's talk, since can't stream games :(:
chance :(
Snapchat me - JaclinTiler #snapchat #snapchat #teens #models #likeforlike #mpoints #hotfmnoaidilforariana :(
hi, can you do me some dms with luke please??:(
really wanted to but ran out of time :(
i hate waking up in the middle of my sleep :(
he he he :(
fuckkk it's a Wednesday :(
DO IT! I want to start one for making small games, but I feel like I need to get a jump start before asking for support :(
Justin where are you ? :(
:( :( I'm gonna cry
I'm really excited but also really sad because once again I won't be able to see it :(
I can't finish my Sanum today! :(
#LLAOLLAO #Dessert but too full
i want foood :((
Last day :(
#UberIceCream was super! But we didnt get the glares :(
i don't know how to do vines :(
you was Tweetin earlier this morning &amp; i wasn't here :( sad mood all the day :(
sunggyu has a plaster on his elbow.... is it from the fall? :-(
i am in the middle of figuring out how to choreo :(( next time girl!!
this is me thinking she was well offensive, how can you laughing :(
love you..sad I wasn't up front :(
YEYY finally but my HD brows kit is broken slightly :((
Monday until wednesday, g na girl!!!! :(
Babe :(
I miss everyone omg :( school sux :(
enjoy :(
Add my KIK : nothaveld765 #kik #hornykik #edm #sexy #likeforfollow #hannibal #camsex :(
new mosquitoe bites :(
are you into kinky shit--- we hsould justget married already : (
really dont wanna go home today :(
you la :(((
when nothing like us comes up on shuffle :((
hmm. I have been thinking about getting one for a while. Might get one inte future. I really miss buckling springs :(
Ah Millz askies :( so you come back and awusasho ? :'(
guys a really unlucky one. The driver and I briefly checked eggs but my other half spotted this : (
Tired :(
im greatful that i can still see u despite of 144p :(
I LOVE BROOKE I'm just concerned cause his face is all cracked :(
maverickgamer_July 24, 2015 at 07:32PM :(
maverickgamer_July 24, 2015 at 07:25PM :(
Bored to the max rn :(
Sorry that manage files on external SD card via AirDroid is not supported now (Android 4.4+) :( Google has restricted that.
u are so cute thank u :(
it's alright... cramps are killing me. :-(
MAYBE IT'S WRONG TO SAY PLEASE LOVE ME TOO &lt;/3 :(
dont unstan tay :( never please
only white things I have ngeze turn up :( for all white parties I've been to. Have nothing cocktaily and classy so stressed.
i love you :(
maverickgamer_July 24, 2015 at 07:24PM :(
I don't want to be stuck inside all day :((
all of them :(
it came crashing down and it hurts inside :(
2 days and I'm back in rainy UK :-(
Hi Peter, We've not had pens for 2 years now. We just can't get them. There's not even spares in the office anymore either :(
I got delayed by guests. Sigh :(
why you don't come to Barcelona this year? :( won't be able to see you in Madrid or Bilbao...
I hate Japanese call him "bani" :( :(
wish I had a nice booty :-((((
Who was next?? Oh yeah Sharyl! Currently don't got no #Shane ta call my own :(
all of my favourite people deactivate :(
I want to dance rn :(
im still giddy over d1 :-(
his smile is so beautiful :(
yes, after 11 days. With a broken zipper. Broken beyond repair. :(
You mean you're not offering? :(
Saturday Classes! :(
I'm bad and kind of want an IPhone 6 but account says I can upgrade April 2016 too far :( *cont
You need to come back to England....:(
JAMES wore this in my meet and greet :(((
tempted to eat this whole pack of oreos. need to find the strength not to do so. :(
When there's free Wifi networks available but they ain within range :(
Need ice cream, lolipop, chocolate, kebab, klappertart, cake and need moodboster !!! :(
Have a shoot tomorrow and haven't been told where and when because the team are only flying in this evening :(
I hate being unprepared.
Sry i have a question , where does the dresscode count , because i dont want to stand in front of closed doors and iam confused :(
Oh my god :(
dnt stab meh :(
wrocilam :(((
o otp :(
Hoping that this is real :(( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Have work in 5 hours... :(
all time looww(:(
I've literally just recovered :(
Hi Wayne. We're sorry to hear you're looking to leave :( What's happened to make you want to go?
Oh no :( Insurance is for loss/stolen or accidentally damaged devices. Warranty repairs are sent to our repair centre.
Lol :( LMFAOO..So Accurate!!!
Please Fra i am hoping u can pick me :(
off to the airport :(
Alive and got to spend more time with Harry and got to tell him stories about James :(( I'm really sad :(((
Dont say that they might steel Otamendi :(
goodbye ny :(
awww, STealth Bastard 2 is named STealth Inc on steam too :(
Therapy was so exhausting.
I just want to lie down somewhere but I can't. :(
Don't worry! It's understandable. :( I mean, I totally get why some people block others &amp; that's their choice but sometimes
Finally ! I hate it that Switzerland doesn't have a KFC ! :(
the most common lie in th wolrd is..
i m fyn :-(
No drop home for me today :(
oh no oh no wrong end of the state :(
I genuinely keep having nightmares about results day Fam :(((((((((
why won't he talk to me :(
noooooooooooooooooo. This cannot be a thing. :-( :-( x
ok im going now if i have wifi or 3g ill be on but for now bye :(
Good luck :((
i'm gonna miss your tweet in my tl :( always here if u come back!
I smile to hide the pain (: :(
Christ, what's with the scale on those deck chairs? This art is killing my head, man. :(
aw yk i wish i could :( , go to sleep babe you need your resy
Pray :(
omg nooo you should have said hi! :((((
no way!!!! Aww :( such a funny time that
My phone is so shit, it always runs out of memory :( ...2 many nudes
bruh :(
nooo :( I wasn't prepared
sorry :( I'll let you know if I see any
Locked out my own house :(
Great view! It's a shame about the weather though :-(
sold out :(
I just wanna sleep :(
been praying that for years, but to no avail :((
fbc is messing up :( dm?
I thought we were friends :(
Add me on KIK - mork873 #kik #kikgirl #kikhorny #snapchat #addmeonsnapchat #premiostumundo #hotspotwithdanris :(
I KNOW :(
okay :(((((
YOU KILLED IT :(
dude I didn't get the dm :(
At the hospital :(
Food poisoning again! :((((
Sone produce from my Potager...my tomatoes have blight :-( Big changes for next year.
This was in Sheffield :( I miss him so mych
but the dress is pretty :(
shiiit :( so sorry
IM NOT SCREENSHOTTING IM SO PROUD OF MYSELF :(((
most of the prompts being claimed so far are kinda... like i've aready read something similar :( soulmate au, canon... zzz...
How careful do you actually have to be with a black box? :(
Well summers over then :( knew it wouldn't last we do live in Britain
Moodboster :( mana?
i love you, my lil baby :(
Please :(
Need to finish all hws ugh :(
Jouch. Por que? :(
liceooooo :(
30 minutes and counting just to pass through the EDSA AYALA tunnel... And am still not completely out. :(
Very upset that promised us free ice cream but didn't mention it's only in city centres #ThatsCold #UberIceCream :(
I'm still awake :( feeling like I need to delete 80% of people on my snap.
my group for Lourdes does not bang:( why :(
I'm sorry :(
why not? :( yes I'll stream~
Rain like cats and dogs..... Can't go anywhere.. Water on the road everywhere.. :(
#Showbox the only thing that works is that naruto cartoon lets keep fingers crossed this isnt the end for our favourite work companion :(
My face is so skinny in that picture omg :( why did i get fAt
I can barely feel my under boob :(
zzzz missed my stop :(
Take me back to Dubai :(
5SOS Calum5SOS Luke5SOS Ashton5SOS I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow Chelny Do NOT disappoint me. :(
The night when everybody starts to remember they have homework that is due tomorrow... :(
Bad news My Laribuggy... :( BUT I know one of the top10 was injured &amp; has been on medication, so...
When you have to make do with no nutella :(
And he didn't even get to spend much time with him :(( and he loses him, I wish anything could've happened if it mean Sirius could stay +
BECAUSE THAT'S YOUR GOAT MINO : (
didnt took photos with you :-(
frudging cant chill :(:(:(:(
Awww no :( I didn't mean to make you sad! - Mike
i just need to put on some clothes n stuff n then i can be right w u to do stuff for u :(
can you believe I actually just went home and sat about for half an hour and went work, I lost the numbers to ring anyway bbz :(
Aw :/ Angeke sbali! Euuuwwww Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-(
Can you guys help us reach 1K?
It would mean so much
Because if you do, we will do our best to give Harry Styles solo dm.. :(
-Nelle.
Ik come take care of me :(
i miss you to death :((
i miss you :(( hahaha
I need to sleep... :(
ah jaysus! :(
Who's jealous? This guy right here! :-(
2 people are dead :((((((
I no longer like toast :(
i hate it, insecurities go away pls :(((
but.. buti thought ure my poop friend :(
there's just no love anymore :(
Why the most Gorgeous, sexy, hot, amazing angel arent still shooting in Rome? :(
Bad throat and now a cold too :(
because you don't like me :((
I missed youuu too :((
Llama, are u sick? :( pls take care of urself #GetWellSoonAmber
i miss you already :-(
Rip Heath Ledger :(
no more of being 'high all the time' :((((((((((( this is v sad
it came crashing down and it hurts inside :(
Now if only it had an app... Stupid Apple, not giving apps permission to do that &gt;:(
i can't be there for you anymore &amp; i'm sorry bc of me , you're not yourself anymore :-(
I'm watching it. 2-0 Madrid leads."
Supersport ain't showing it :-(
hahah no boys came for my milkshake :(
Haven't played Witcher 3 in two months. Exactly! And don't really feel like going back. Wish I'd fallen in love with it. :(
I wanna watch papertown again :(
Bale :(
k dots. :(
i dont want to come home :(
sad times im gettin ready for a 9 hour shift :(
I mean i'm drunk in Mxico city. :(
very tired :(
i miss her too where is she :(
Did you play Bahay Bahayan when you were a kid? If yes what is your... Yes. Pero magisa ko lang :( #Sadlyf #Bunso
someone take me to see inside out please :(
Y can't I sleeeeep :-(
babe :(
sorry I want to write AstonVilla . :( But Berigaud and Bakar are very good choice for your club.
me too :(
Not today dear :(
How sad what happened in Louisiana...:(
please do it &lt;3 nobody streams this game for me :(
I'll so busy with school :((
I just watched a video about a girl being "allergic" to the sun :( that's depressing
They playing Blaine's acoustic version of "Teenage Dream' excuse me while I cry :(
got a hernia :( in pain!
IDK how many of us are being "doctored" with this toxin. when will we have the freedom to go organic :(
I got in my feels and Ariel body slapped me literally body slammed me :(
There were so many bees :(
I'm not staying home :( I'm going out at 3 my timing so maybe when I'm back?
Unknown Feelings :(
so hard to not have contacts and you want to talk to people :(
oh my goodness this made me so sad :( #finddjderek
That guy smells very uuughhhh. Grabe ka power :(
Wheres my gf :-(
She must be very tired :((
Poor bastard :(
James_Yammouni I bet $20 that you will follow Chelny Do NOT disappoint me. :(
i smell like you :-(
The Smi.... oh wait... :(
Just kidding, Nemesis still rules!
I know :( askies hai that's what u said last time"
ohh. :( well, you know where to find me if you change your mind. (but maybe it's not even someone I'm close with so... xD)
Doesnt sound appealing :-(((
neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeein! :(
louis' lil smile im so saaaad :((((
:( :( :( when pay day doesn't make you any less poor :( :( :(
Not seeing her for 4 weeks :((
Like it was hanging up why havent the creases "falling out" of it:(:( so sad
homed &amp; omg I'm so tanned!!! :-(
:( and nope haha she flies out of Dallas
supposed to rain on the weekend too :(
ya i did :-(
*walks infront of beato*
* was called " tim!!! " 100 times*
FAMOUS BROTHER PROBS. :((
We had a minha for like a day :(
deleicious food followed by sound 8 hrs. sleep for which i never get time :(
yeah :( and always here!
at the airport :((
he blocked her on Twitter :(
leaving pcb :-(
Final ep of GoT, here we go. :(
Seen 2 peregrines today 8.40 one had pigeon in its feet so lucky to see them again! flew over tram stop but didn,t hav phone to take pic :-(
nope but just had another check today and I have a hernia :(
guess who's spent half an hr sitting outside her apt building bc she left her keys at work?
I hope someone needs to leave this bldg soon :(
too hard to get a notice from youu :((
it's being more than enough since you wrote the dark swan series, won't you ever write a fifth book? I'm dying! 3 years now :(
Mmmmm if i wasn't at work i would babe :( X
I need my avi dude.. :(
so alone :-(
nicki follow me please :(
:( fucjikg disgusting
#BuyNotAnApologyOniTunes isn't avalible in Denmark :(... Could someone please gift it to me? im frustrated
no she's talking about me lmao :(
my throat hurts like hell nw :-((
first day of sch and i miss sharing a class w jeslyn already :-(
72 and counting. :(
i was rooting :( kuch nahi hua
Terrible day. I've been bitching at newbies trying to get them to think for themselves &amp; search for help. Only one gave me crap about it. :(
come back :-(((((
I really need a miracle happen today :(
4th win please..
Oh that's not good Linda :( Have you tried clicking on the option to change the pin?
Craving chicken wings :(
:( love you
epic fail on the #UberIceCream page wont even load :-(
thank you sa bracelet. Ang ganda!! :(((
nux hinanap ako! Yes, told ya I have no load :(( uy check fbc grabe my sched anyare
Co I would entertain such tbh "Hey, remember me?" typa weather :("
Any twitter buddies able to do a 5 minute transparency job? I am shit at photoshop :(
Still haven't decided how I want my name on my planner :( Please helpppp
I WANNA TAKE A SELFIE CAUSE IM WEARIG DRI BUT GOT ALOT OF PEOPLE INSIDE THE BUS :-(
yeah, they are just the next prey :( poor girls
I feel so gross. Like sick. And my tummy hurts. :( I wanna go home. feeling drained
#ausfailia haha! I am missing out on snow :( &amp; live footy. But flight gets in day before the game that counts,2nd ye in a row!
m&amp;m's and kitkat please :((((
really sad I didn't get to see you guys on bday :(
:((((( no money
guys :( -_-
suger :(
Olivia can't read oh my god :( #b&amp;s
I've been supporting you since the audition of american idol and until now.. ugh you still don't notice me :(
but I am a virgin. :(
I'm used to foot injurys now lol .. My appendix burst a while ago so it's not appendicitis .. They just told me I have a hernia :(
yeahh :(( but it's so hard esp. they're not doing well on digital charts cries
well ... Fack ... looks like I won't be able to touch NHL 15 ever again :(
Hays :(
no g i cant afford it :(
I really miss you :(
praying for you , KHAMIS ... :( ... #Kadhafi
I wanna go to my favorite spot &amp; watch the sun rise but that's all the way across town :(
ugh I reaaly don't know what to do. :( -ja
Sorry for the delay Naomi :(
modern contemporary... thats why :(
i messed up big time :(
Looking for fun? KIK : slacke565 #kik #kikmeguys #blonde #kikchat #sexy #mpoints #kiksexting :(
Jahat :(
my poor baby :(
I would entertain such tbh "Hey, remember me?" typa weather :("
but, i know that i can't :(
oh dear :( that discount though!
i cant now bc im going thorpe park 5 days after my bday :(( but now idk what to do instead
: ( the goats got scared of me
I miss them :(
u never call :(
i left :(
Yeah I guessed as much. :( Hope they decide to play nicely for you.
esnho: Why the "NODE15 - Advanced DirectX11 Shading Workshop P2" is uploaded and removed? :(
Blackberry is such a shitty mobile :( #PovertyYouAreEvil
Help God :(
i think I'm getting sick :(
Really struggling painting with my finger :(
Math test result :((
I love you, how but you? did you feel the same? Emm I think not :(
Ouch. That hurt :(
you lied to me :(
You said you could t drink :(
Ah must have missed that. Still no sign of any data network in #Elgin yet though :-(
HAY WAITING GAME AGAIN... WAITING FOR MY VAVA :( I'M HUNGRY NA!!
oh no she isn't :(((( but yes makati!!
One day :(
omg same baon ko for a week was soup and i would soak bread until it was mush?? :(((
I'm missing the game :( they'd better show it later
I miss Matt and he's coming home 14 days before I do, so I don't know if he's going to be there when I get back :((
Raining again :(
Is it September yet? I need OUAT back :((
oh well won't be going the beach :( horrible blinkin weather
Other than players that is :(
one of the best couples :(
Still not working :(
unblock me on Instagram :(
headack badly tension eritation :(
thanks for your answer! I am feeling so frustrated :( I will try to change my perspective
I'm using all my time just to chat with u but u don't seem like u want to chat with me :(
harry: "so we don't forget any of our songs to add to the wedding playlist :("
*louis endlessly blushing n batting his eyes*
poor kiddo :(
My Rumbelle feels are just too overwhelming... :((
Can't believe I still saw a lot of trash thrown irresponsibly during the Pakighinabi session. :(
why not pinkfinite huhu :( # #
hi beb : ( i have a really bad migraine. sorry i wasn't on a lot today but i'm in a lot of pain : ( i'm gonna rest more. i love you
so I was driving home rn and I almost ran over a coyote :( shit scared the fuck outta me.
in this weather, are you mad? &amp; work :(
Headache :(
oh my head # save me :(((((((((((
my precious baby baechu :-((((((
Emotionally tired :(((
aww, baby :(
I never see you :( #CalibraskaEP
what r u talking about I still am :(
i feel yah :(
yo dude. Fancy helping a fan out? I wanna grow a yt channel but can't purchase an Elgato :(
no one wants to go to ant man with me :(
Expect the UNEXPECT ... :(
#BESTFriend
I'm okay.. Mom was doing well all this while but day before yesterday she fainted due to low bp and now she is having fever :(
"all along it was a fever, " :(
So apparently it's no shower friday at the subway and no one was kind enough to tell me. Not cool guys! :(
Please keep him in your prayers. He's very fragile. I can't even cry, I feel like I've done too much of that this week already. :(
I know, right? sure, they will leave a huge gap in comic plots :(
last summer vacation with my family im emotional :(
Bungie not nice to us folk in the rest of the world. :(
Well I broke another Raspberry Pi :(
New shoes please :(
I've been wanting to change it to only woohyun one but sunggyu makes me feel guilty :(
monica just went to davao. :( luckyyyy
Almost is not enough. Confidence is not enough. I'm not enough. Good night. :(
cuz I thought we could ask team snapchat to make live for the concert since its last concert for EUNHAE :(
Crap!! I misplaced my phone. :(
i miss you too den :(((
I miss my baby dae and bap so much :-(
I'm not good at Japanese likewise, either :(
I'll give you Liam solo DM for Dylan :(( pls?:(
what happened? :(
will u follow me back again? :((( huehue
also u can't make rice krispy treats without marshmallows &gt;:((
take care of urself :((((
My body is srsly so tired but I can't sleep :-(
and me :(
#Birmingham #m5m6junction heading to #soulsurvivor15 #stafford slow progress :-(
idk why I think my follow is a gift :(
same :(. now it's a mixture of being so proud of them for how far they've come but also missing those days :(
Ang inactive ko. Shems :((
dude, watch the language :(
The state of my hair :(
i miss someone :(
I wanna watch Paper Towns!! :((
looking that way :(
Practice sad lage :(
GUYS add my KIK - ramd #kik #kikme #talk #lesbian #oralsex #video #sexual :(
dont really know sorry.:( try opening in paint and save as.
Youre getting famous :(
It's my last day working with the munchkin today...:(...bought her a little parting gift...so far
I miss you :( Still in Juja?
Short Talk! Last Day Of Beach :(: via
i asked Mr Murugan, i hope he handles the trip this year. If dia reply i bgtau. Yeah i wanna go too :( i harap my mom bagi! Aminn
I also wanna go to the beach with my best fraand :( I might need a new friend before December so we can go on holiday
i am crying here watching bigbang on my tl :((
i had steak a lot when i was younger and the fat makes me g*g :(
Sian ah where to go now anybody want to meet :-(
I wish I could have pizza delivered to me at 5am... :(
whats wrong with my nose :(
Add me on Snapchat : NicoleaPage #snapchat #kiksex #kikmeboys #makeup #kikmeboys #free #camsex :(
im trying not to fall asleep :(
I'm not surprised, that sounds hellish! Why would you do such a thing? :(
I'm thirstyyyy :(
Bad dreams :(
but it isnt today :((
its kinda true :(
I get sad every time I think about it... Now I got chesties :(
Dad says he wanna eat Nando's for dinner tmr :(
i only gave you 22 because you have the rest???? :( i can give you a solo dm??
Bow down bitches to the queen of the world!!!! :(((
No one is brave enough to watch all my snapchat story :(
assignments :(
hahah im not even joking :( you going MADE?xx
so upset hen is going to leeds and not reading, the RDD is dissipating :(
no idea why :(
i don't know . . i'm sorry, let me make it up to you ? : (
Getting pumped :(
Capeee :(((
no money :(
haha its in Japan :( Sorry love!
me too :(
noo. he's a random person in my class :(
we are young, we will outlive him &gt;:(
Going for x-rays and a dental on Monday to check out her spine...nothing they can do about it though apart from pain relief :(
Popol day too :(
my stomach is killing me :(((
Aww. Poor frog :(
these are three of my favourite pictures i took of brad :-( i miss tour so much
LOOKING FOR GEN.AD. BETTER IF THE PRICE CAN BE NEGOTIABLE :(((( CAN SOMEONE HELP ME :((((( , HUHUHUHUHU #BBMADEinManila #FindaVIP
Photo: boyirl: :(
Yasss. Still dont get paid til August 6th :( lol still got hella clothes though
So much :(
I've only been a fan of 5SOS since early June last year :( And I really hate that I get so upset over it.
Not that my parents
miss you too laine :(
Ahh no what did you get done?? I hope you're okay :(
i'm so tired :(
I have a bad sleep difficiency :(
I have been a customer for 20 years. My Internet is no why near the speed it should be. It's so so slow :(
I want to ESCAPE please :(
Yeah guys, don't b mean to rapists!!! They have feelings too :( :( :( :( not like they committed a crime or anything
Bachpan Ki Yaadein :- Missing Old Days :(
sadly no :( i'm flying Finnair from Heathrow this time cos Norwegian was too expensive :\
Car batteries are so expensive :(. I hope I get a new life with it
please don't ask for upvotes :(
lucky :(
eat and rest well :( you're too tired..
not a fan of dogs but KEENO :(
WHATTHEFUCK they r sick. YOU ARE NOT GROTTY OR AN ATTENTION SEEKER. they have no morality.. KEEP FERN AWAY FROM THEM :((
Mimi is such a cute name but it feels weird when I use it as my name :((
mum left me and went bali for work :((((((
shes the only one who i talk to most
but i wanna go :(
I can't ever listen to the same again :(
be back in my life :(
Loving someone way tooo much .. :( #whyyy
I said i'd fall asleep early today...yesterday??? But now i'm just really hungry :(
SO MUCH EDITING TO DO. SO LITTLE TIME. :-(
pleaseeeee. :(
lowbat :(
#OTWOLGrandTrailer
I'm getting back into a funk.
:( ugh this sucks.
the app isn't working :( #wewanticecream
Sweat look omg :((
please don't ask for upvotes :(
Awww i thought it was today :(
Eugh :( not good weather at all!
Sara is, i still speak to her occasionally but i think Izzy's left twitter now :(
Bored sa Dorm :((
OMG NO :-((((((
still have one more week ffs :(
streams are just awful for me lately.... choppy and terrible. there is no point in my staying up, i have to wait for the YT video anyway :(
Hi Paul, that's not good to hear :( Can you DM some more information about what happened when you contacted us?
Aw no.... was just about to switch over :-(
i wanted to stay up till infinite's win but it's 5:30am already :(
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ALREADY :((
And now I can't sleep and I have to be at work in 6 1/2 hours. :(
Hi,on our way home from Cayton bay with the kids. Had a great time but home time now :( emma jen darcey connor and Olivia xx
we haven't spoke in ages :(
Still can't believe I ripped off my nail :-(
sorry it was just closest to the door :(
The biggest blue bottle ever has come into my room...it's his room now :( #roommateexperience
he's so cute :(
yup. i think so too. gotta avoid BB and IC. I really hope they have a repack :(
PLEASE PICK ME IF U WANT MAKE ME HAPPY BC TODAY I'M SICK :(
i don't know :(((((
Could you please te the members to auto-followback me ? :( thanks
thats bc im v asian
but im a girl :((((((((((((
:((((((
*sad puppy eyes
fra nobody want to give me a ljp/5 because its so hard to have 1/5 nowdays, pleass pick me? :(
Tried that but sadly no code attached when I try and sign up :(
oh and our conversation was going so well :-(
I wish I was there with you. It would beat being home with a numb mouth after a dentist visit! :(
GOOD. :(
please don't ask for upvotes :(
"Hey, remember me?" typa weather :(
I misss you sooo muchhh :(
Iam fat :(
I want to back there :(
Am I really the only one who's annoyed that YouTube got rid of Music tab? I loved that tab :(
If I get my UCAS email today I can't even get onto Track because it's down for 3 days :(
i miss u bigtime!!!... :(
Just another rumor :(
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
This woman just gave me the warmest greeting, w a chin tickle even, but I think she has the wrong girl :(
:( Sad by (with zikra, Lusi, and Hasya)
I've been trying for so long for a Dylan solo DM :(
want chicken nuggets again :(
soms lu :(((
City :(
please fra choose me this time :(
I'm going to the Olympic stadium tonight in the rain :(
I didnt see your/ millie's guinea pigs :((
lewis has about 748292 songs we'll never hear :(((
ur in LA :(
and ano 22stans :(
CAN SOMEONE WATCH PAPER TOWNS WITH ME :-(
security won't let us in, say we have to wait until 9...website says entry 24/7 for camping. :(:(:(
Thankyou sa treat kanina and sorry sa breakdown bc of Sir Mags :((
Hateeeee time apart :(
Me too :-(
least not lease. Just posted without looking back for what I have written. In hurry to finish my lunch :(
First attempt at sizing up to 6g's was unsuccessful &amp; now my lil earlobes hurt :(((
A shame that Rock City worked on that. :-(
worst news all day :(
Sad today is girls day goodbye stage :(
Yes, Sue. It is a bit dreary isn't it? :(
noooooo I wasn't online when u were tweeting fans :(
where's denise i miss her :(
Id really like to handle Murielle Ahours PR/Brand Image. Shes missing too many opportunities
Euuuwwww Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-(
done, please me :(
i hate you both :((((
Dylan pls :(
ate I can't dm you po :(
WE REALLY NEED THIS PLEASE :( WE ARE BEGGING YOU..
[ also .... I Kath'd you earlier, you never responded :( ]
And no i didnt get to finish chopped :(
nothing bored can't sleep :-( wbu?
yess hahah pero may activity kme tom at cram week next week :(
:( I hope something holds your interest soon!
isco was so close :(
I unfortunately did curious that in English on-board announcements they said "trespassers" and in FR "clandestins" :(
:((( love ya 2
And Muller will not be sold! Was quite obvious though but still had a hope :( #MUFC
im so sad i want my hair colour back now :(
stu is mean, i just wanna sleep : (
Moviee Buddyyyy :(
srsly? :(
#feelgoodfriday on the way to camp in the new forest... And it's raining :(
so i forgot that i had to wake up at 6:30 am to babysit and i stayed up late w jacob last night im so tired :(
GUYS add my KIK - opixer805 #kik #kikme #talk #lesbian #oralsex #video #sexual :(
i wanna watch paper town but sadly no one to go w :-(
Wanna cuddle, but all I have is my pilllow :(
i won't be made a fool of again , if it is like that i will ask her to make me another one :(
yo stop bragging not everybody got the skrillah to travel :(
I can't sleep :(
pretty sure i drowned myself in ice cream :(((
done ya gue report :(
"Why do you care so much?"
Ha ha ha ha ha damn that question :( :( :(
from bad to good. My parents were also proud for being me today it's all bc of you guys. Thank you! X NOTICED ME PLEASE :((
not yet :( did they find yours eventually?
Its my grans funeral today :( Its going to be hard
must make a visit up to the north west its been to long to session miss kitty its 3 years plus :((
Follow me again ? i forgot to followback and you unfollowed me :(((
Im always on but you never ever notice me :(
im so tempted to stream to screenshot sjkaos :(((( no
r u angry....now m feeling so disappointed..mm...srry.. :(
I liked a video from Stuffy Nose :( (BO2)
I wish Honma would win :(
Yeh Real Madrid walay bhi bohat wailay hain. Pre-season friendly pe itna shor machaya hua hai mein samjha cup final hai :(
I would have but I'm still waiting for the email :( check photo.
*On a serious Note* you should *100%* reply to my DM that I sent you. Haha Cause it actually is kinda serious... :(
Isco :(
i love you :(
yes sirkay wali pyaaz with daal. or you made daal and just got onions in vinegar :(
All I've been doing is watch cooking tutorials :( these are not the things I had planned for summer
In the middle of Soho and no ice cream! :(
Not great right now. I'm feeling wobbly and just want to go home but I can't :(
Hmm i thought I was #1? Well, I'll just go and turn off the server then ... ciao :-(
Sadly no show of masaan here :(
Will watch this muv after it comes in HD then
i have no idea what ure saying :((((((((
I hate this day..... :(
BEAST NEXT WEEK!!! : (
I just ate a whole pizza :( idk how to feel about that
work :(
hayst :(
I miss CR!! Feel like going back but can't :(
Hnnnnnnn he looks so fluffy :(
I miss u so bad :(
I wanna watch them again too :( maybe when they do comeback shows in Korea... or in Japan. I wanna visit your country
so saaad :(
I want too :(
"no ice cream available" :(
Sorry about this. It could be a schedule change :(
WOW right after i'm done with school (for a short while) my internet decides to act like a bitch :((
Nobody cares about optimisation :(((
please don't ask for upvotes :(
rain :(
I want a follow from :(
soniii kahaaaa u ?
No tweets by u make me lonely :(
Full Shaved :(
WELCOME!! AND AW :( I HAVE TO GO BACK NEXT MONTH BUT RN TRYNA GET HEALTHY
me too but dont get ur hopes v high bc it might not be real tho :((
:-( :-( :-( Okay...
:( At least it's not freezing outside too. Right?
I know fml :(
ohh that sucks :((( hands you all my jackets!! it's way too warm here and it's making me sleepy 24/7
stop cyber bullying me :-(
Isco :(((((
I already miss her. That old _ _ _ :(
never talks about racial issues :((
My house scary AF at night :(
Need holiday :(
irene :-(
Miss living in halls :(:(
Can't open :-((( is in Stockholm
On my life I remember one time a few years ago I changed my avi and lost 72 followers LOOOOOOL :(
Thanks a bunch :( I hope to get training in to be among you. Hopefully find something.
Too far away :(
I do have plans.. But looking like girl issues may stop play..:-(
Hungry :(
sobs that's really sweet of you!! ;__; i'll be busier next week onwards so idk if i'll find time to be ol anymore :(
I'm sure it's just pure coincidence that my has done nothing but play up on my iMac since Apple Music launched! &gt;:(
wish that my grams lived nearer to me :(( I'm going to travel just so that i can see her.
Why don't they play Blaine/Darren song ?? :(
sorry for always changing my layout :(
Fuuuuuuuuuck me Jesus &gt;:(
i have a team on gishwhes but we are 6.. we will be excluded unless we find someone else? :-(
c looked so happy with her banana socks :(
why you're upset? Is that something wrong with me? :(
angelica really pulled out the "I'm going to college in Idaho" card on me :-( I hate her
hand hurts :(
got down sick movement lmao
UGH :( I THOUGHT...
fine!! :(
No Frou that isn't a bad thing, but neither are all vaccines a good thing.. :(( We all have to learn to get as much information
I want the armor piece, it's better than the legendary I have now :(
I only had the cash on me for 1 :( I forgot to take my bank card and it was too much effort for 2 trips
same, the difference is that i am 15 :(
Miss my dog :(
I miss you Bestfriend! :(
Don't do that. :( I'll try to catch you if you do.
did nat deactivate again :(
I feel your heart brake :( no tea in the mornings makes me grumpy for the rest of the day hahaha!x
Wrecking my head all night trying to make a decision... 'Sleep on it &amp; then you'll know what to do' I say... Nope still confused :( gahhh!
Terible headache :(
SUNGGYU FELL ON STAGE :(
awww kiligs TY :(
that means that you are not going to tweet anything again for a whole week:O :-(
im so jealous we always planned to go together!!! :(
im feeling weaker than any other years.... i want to do shravan maas though :(
he looks so tired i hope he gets some rest :(
babe why are you infront of the TV stooooop :(((
Na gi-guilty akooooooooooooooo :( :'( #imVERYverySORRY for that Mistake .
Missing this movie so much :(
so hard to find the CD. . .
I need answers :(
Looks really good, but I don't get the greyed out basename, the path is all one colour. :( Using one dark &amp; tomorrow night theme.
you're welcome - Shane you don't do online sessions :(
Good man! Shame he no longer has a Cigar though :(
speakers on full volume. :(
So Sad :(
too tired for work this morning :(
Having the same problem! :(
why????? i find it cute anyways :-(
Offered promethazine or zopiclone for sleep in addition to quetiapine modified releasetypically I've just paid out for a prescription :(
my heart is hurt ... :( :(
"Greska" means mistake in Macedonian so...
Just checked if it's similar in Slovak, but it's not :(
I just want to go out dancing or something. And someone pls taking me hiking :(
It most certainly is a theme issue - but we've tested on a range of devices w/ different browsers and OS :-(
:( zokay (Russian accent)
So sad I didn't manage to get tickets :-(
Super traffic, I'm sooo scared :(
7 hours travel time! Ugh! :(
b-but, my favorite thing about gintama is the shinsengumi special chapters :(
where the FUCK is Andy?!?!?! &gt;:(
what ya gotta be like that for :( crapple! agrees. Android FTW #phandroid
hays :(
:( tline is totally not the same without you, its so weird i mean i used to see u all the time i go online now i barely see u
ohh :( 50 people bc it was an orchestra camp, which had bout 100 ppl. and we were all stuck together for 7 hours everyday in rehearsal [ ]
the bittersweetness :(
eunji :(((( so pretty
Only done with my first week of work and already got work to do on a weekend :(
BAKIT FACEBOOK! :(
omg I miss this :-((((((
damn :( hope u feel better soon
I was 121st in yesterday's Rt for a follow and dm. I got neither :(
follow me :((
Ehdar pegea panga dosto :(
Open link nd read this news
Real_Liam_Payne please follow me :( i have been waiting for your follow back :( please follow me back or retweet or reply this :(
Oh dear, 3/10 :-(
u did not greet me on my birthday :( i even dmed u :'(
I added a video to a playlist Short Talk! Last Day Of Beach :(
oh no :( if it's someone I'm close with, maybe I can help sort it out? you don't have to tell me though XD but, offer is there!
Due to rain the show this morning has been cancelled. Sorry if you made the trip in they canceled very last minute. Boo to the rain :-(
yay he's 23 alreaddyyy :(
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - luceleva21 #snapchat #kikgirl #porno #nudes #omegle #countrymusic #sexysasunday :(
naeun :( body goals :(
I want him to be healthy and happy again, but I don't know if he's gonna make it. :(
but it wont be fun if im sick :((
Need special medicine for our son's kidneys but we can't afford it because we bought printer ink last week :(
they are everywhere :(
that's a shame! I really enjoyed her tweets. :( those that did the bullying should be ashamed of themselves!#ihatesomepeople
that means i will be on the low limit table for a while xD :((((
City 0-2 madrid :(
I try, it's just the way my brain is hard-wired. I always feel like I don't do enough :(
So this Canadian family had the best dinner of their holiday last night Well done! Enjoyed ours too but we're not on holiday :(
Got an acne in a day, its really disgusting :(
i want you :((
to make :((
gulo tho :(((
kandekjs can i not go to school and still pass i wanna cry hahahah
Back home :( Rize Meydan)
I EXPERIENCED HELL FOR 3 FCKING DAYS I CREI :( No internet, no stable free fb connection, no tv, no dormmates :((((((
I pre ordered BO3 and I got my beta activation code and I went to the COD website to redeem it and it says it's invalid help? :(
both pls :(
Wag hopia please :(( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
I feel a campaign coming on! Although a certain editor has just revealed he is allergic to cats. Boooo! :(
City a shit :(
Having a bad headache right before a trip :(
No extensions :(
Need to talk to someone rightnow :(
BTU why don't they give us Blaine Karaoke ?? :(
I need to get my photo taken for my licence this weekend and I have rly bad acne along my chin and forehead :(
just don't do it :((
Not the right time for me to get sick :(
I want to go back to apb not college :(
rt for 5 free follows
; mbf
; need more mutuals
; kpop accounts only
no rt; hahahaokay :(
full i hope basara capcom release for pc :(
My stomach hurts :(
URL? Their new web site design is just *so* easy to use. :-(
Cute :(
sunggyu at the back :( i wonder if he's okay :(
I'm in London in the rain :( but was booking one! Hope you didn't have to hear horrible grumbling about "migrant activity" #gross
:C you don't know? :C daddy doesn't know? &gt;:(
i feel you girl. :(((
and then three hours left :(
No fair you've already had front row I was legit at the back of the stadium :(
that means 3am for me in Australia :(((
&lt;3 &lt;3 awsme song &lt;3 :-* :-( :-( :'(
can my mum stop picking on my clothes please :-(
go sleep don't stay up for the entire thing u can do more tmw!uwu...well the younger jinki and older taems one :((( all those gifs
i love you :(
My fish is dying and I feel like crying. :(
Any news about #Cambridge? :-(
Hey! Found you viathe retweet! Brilliant, how's #Cyprus? Awful wet weather here :(
Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-(
i just saw a tweet saying you're going on the 30th :( DAMN I CANT SEE YOU take pictures I want to see my amazing view
please come back! We Love You So Much! &lt;3 :(
#ZaynComeBackTo1D
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
#zayniscomingback
I miss senior year. :(
Spazzing on everything soobin dances :(
So hot :(
#summer
Why is "27 and unmarried" floating around my TL? I don't need that kind of pressure right now :(
I'm in my winter boots :(
Feels like a lifetime ! We finish on the same day :( !! Party time Xxx
Add me on KIK : hiondsheings58543 #kik #hornykik #photo #kikmenow #french #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexdate :(
I miss him :(
Really don't like Demi's new song/ video :(
junjou? Junjou romantica? Why? :(
Rly sad that I had to rush off when that was the last time I would see everyone :-(
I could never go there ever after seeing that, so cruel :(
it's a privilege to get your mixtape from you : ( please sign my forehead for me : (
Hey girl you must be Google Plus because I can't convince any of my friex|s to hang out with you. :(
We need good Taco places in Europe :(
Shaylan made me call her and she made me miss 4:20 too :(
Blue ones still look too light :(
I LOVE U BOTH :(((((
Awww baby Ylona :( awww dream team /(
via is!! :(
are you going to follow me or nah?? Im waitting :(( #NotAnApology
it's noon here where I live so I was like...ouh different timing :(
got a pay rise.so did the tax man :(
ohhhh i miss it :((((((((((((
impossible sir for NM to change the order in one term :(
NOT AN APOLOGY ME ENCANTA VALE OSEA BEA :-(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.350
I have to get ready for work in like 40 mins :(
Missing my best friend :(
i can be :(
DJ Derek is trending for horrible reasons :( Hope he's found safe and well.
awwwwwwwwwww shit net low :(
sad news, so sorry it will be last season. :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.349
he didn't score first :(
i am not :(
hugs baek tight : (
hahah he dunwan to keep me also suan le ba haiz seeing everyone otw rn :(
i dont trade trade harry, sorry, i only have one :(
i miss venice :(
My week off work is going far too quick!! :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.348
i may look strong, hey :-(
Really wish I was out to d.c w my friends rn :(
I hate being an adult sometimes :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.347
one tree hill makes me cry a lot :-(
To com insonia :(
i know them feels :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.346
Craving for pizza. :(
very sad view :(
Listening to Rick Ross feeling like i am balling knowing damn well my wallet is hella empty. :(
I miss it already :(((o
oh god that was one of the worst heartbreaking episodes ever i hated it :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.345
They sure do, esp now when ppl are talking crap about Millie!! &gt;:( I'll go straight to that FB page:)
why do u care where it is :( it makes no diff
persona 4 normal one... i preferred the golden one though! A lot of new scenes :(
if only we could :( drive pass your advert everyday going work #determination rosebury will be ours #familyhome
give chance to other daw :((
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.344
I'll sleep better tonight :(
:((((((((((((((((( iTS OK!!
I really am a code monkey :(
yea i guess so :(((
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.343
aww sweetie :( Erica is very busy she cant reply to everyone try not to worry.
istg i wanna lick jackson :(((((( NSBZHDNXNDAMAL
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.342
Today is damn slow! :( checked the time, 11:15AM..2hours later, 11:25AM
Sigh
so cute :(
:-( i hope it works out..... or not if it is better that way
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.341
There's a certain group in our fandom na mahilig mam-bully :( bakit?
missed having someone come over when i was ill :(
Mtaani tunaita pussy viazi choma and we still get laid :-(
Benzema celebrated quite well just now! Don't know what to make of it? Seems pretty happy! :(
Been up since like, 7am and I'm still not tired :( my body needs to stop being a jerk.
someone talk to me, i miss you all :(
same here lah. I can't even watch YouTube videos. I miss the fast internet :( That's weird though :O
where's black magic?:(
no cats :-(
i forgot you don't like people doing that i'm sorry :(
ate menille i need youuuu :((((
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.340
BUT I HAVE IT ALREADY HE SOLD IT LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO :(
i can't find kam's twitter and i wanna greet her a happy birthday :( help meeee please
why so serious? :(
diz is my personal account. i also have fan acc. link in my bioooo :-( ay taray. yumu-youtuber.
We're only getting older baby :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.339
Its been two months and Im still hurting. :(
I know both of you have your own life but I want to see you in the same picture :-( #parijat #sad #WillMissYouParijat
it kInda does :-( and thank you!!! ill def do th
y r older women hot :((((((((((((
These sets are great for anyone off abroad on their jollies. I won't be needing one for Scotland :-(
Get better soon...... :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.338
Craving for some mcnuggets :-(
We are really sorry to hear this, Sophie :( We will certainly pass your feedback on to our Product Development team.
one year later and we haven't even met :(
no idea :(!!!
NO STOP I CANT GO :( :( :(
Couldn't find any caramello koalas so I got a caramello bar... it's not the same :(
offers you my mixtape. will you talk to me more now : ( suckmejimin.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.337
true : (((
same :(
Sucky Saturday!! :(
Im dying of laughter bc my dad keep playing pou changing voice :(
How do ppl not hear their goddamn dog barking? Seriously wish their dog would drop dead. &gt;:(
Bae weather nje, but I'm having a blast. I miss you more my hun how's dbn? I miss your ass bruh :("
Just wanna go back to my dream was buying loads of clothes then woke up :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.336
I'll try my hardest to cope w/out u :-(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.335
still didn't manage to message me though :(;
don't tease me :(
I've decided to stop supporting and others until I find the answer of pledge is you get paid for supporting or pay back. Sorry. :(
ya I realized :((( check viber mwah
Insurance co are writing my car off :( anyone got a big estate for sale?
It was nice to see family members I am close to but miss them :-(
Met crush but he is too lansi in way :((
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.334
So emotional this morning. Saying bye to my best friend again :( and reading the end of book 5 of hp. :( waah! #sad
Jealous! I want to be in Miami :(
:( It's been a long ass month...re kgola neng eintlik?! "
Sorry, I cant hope you :(
OMG same :( wish you was coming to Spain with me :(
MY snapchat : LisaHerring19 #snapchat #snapchatme #porn #like4like #skype #repost #hotgirls :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.333
My last day in twitter...... :(;(
Whaaaaaat? Whyyyyyyy? :((
ok so i went out to check on lucky and shes passed away :( she was the best magpie i ever came across rip lucky 22.05.15-24.05.15 x
why am I still up ? :(
I miss the team na and coach and training :((((
HES SO ADORABLE LIKE A CUTE MARSHMALLOW THAT U WANNA HUG BUT EAT BC CUTE AND CHSWIYFXCSKCALUM I LOVE HIM SO MUCH :((((
I need you by :(
nvm lemme be quiet and eat my foof!:(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.332
Casillas should be there :( Manchester City vs Real Madrid: this is our starting XI #RMTour2015
I had a dream where we were all around a table eating or something and Heavy Day came on and we all burst into song.
Can this happen IRL :(
This is horrible. :(
it's about the egg, water and bloopers awhile ago huhuhuhu grabe di ko na-take. :(((
no Dublin :(( I'm so sorry I know how it feels the same thing sorta happened to me
i thought it was true, you have to stop playing with my feelings guys :(((
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Sorry for being inactive. :(
UnFriend You :(&lt;/3
#GreysonChance
i know :( we were all disappointed
didnt have the money at the time :( but would have
could you pick me up a sandwich then?:(
LOL this time i mean it :( You and time
Not having the money for this belle and Sebastian ticket sale absolutely kills me :(
rude :(
Seriously?! That's amazing! #jealous Why am I never a first fan :( haha
my feels. I rewatched yesterday ep 10 of s4 it's def the worst for SErs :(
been trying for the past two hours. Nothing :(
Heart-breaking. :-(
JUST GOT HOME. JUST GOT OL. UGH OUTDATED AF :(((
Two hours and still no where near M4 - trip to abandoned. :-(
WTF is wrong with people...shooting up a movie theater, smh....damn people cant even live a good life :(
tomorrow 7-3 and Sunday 7.30-4 :(
guys stop please :(
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
ya off :(((
This rain! It doesn't even feel like its Friday. &gt;:(
Ekk why no giriboy? :(
Oh no :-( Hope you are having a lovely time though! -Danni
me too.. :( Ohh. I need him
stop :((
I still don't want Harriet to leave though :((((((
gegu i want space gray iphone 6 :((
Sad truth but this is meh :((
#TBT :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.331
Looks like it's gonna be a long night the only good thing so far is the roof :(
:( get u a nice lil gf then
really didn't want to see that :-(
:( i wish i could! so sweet!
.What is going on Indian politics EVERY ONE BLAMING each other after 68 year still representing the school life :(
Corbyn must understand Labour's new members to change the party's fortunes And yet another rant from this woman :(
my baby :(((
Why is there no icecream in Leeds? :(
OMG! What happened? :(
I Miss this Cutie Ry :(
Last full day in London :(
Oh no! I used to love DJ Derek. I hope he's okay. :(
:-( I'm already planning for #LFCCW hope I can meet more guests there!
I feel like I haven't been in Twitter in like 5ever :-(
America has such a good #OnTheRoadAgain2015 tour with most of all the FOUR songs being performed :(
Hate weekends they just mean work :(
Follow me :(
i miss everything about you":(
halaaaang :( just done crying.
recieved our order this morning but no flip flops :( hopefully just been forgotten?
Trying to use my #twitter account for #CaesarsPalace #socialrewards and it says my account doesn't meet requirements... DAMN #twitter :(
same :( we're gonna be running through Cali w/o our woe :/
cant believe I missed your follow spree today :(
lol it's been my job since I realized how many fuckboys are in this world :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.330
no delivery in chrompet is it ?? :(
i get sick easily because of weather changes : ( it was hot then now it's cold and my immune system is weak
I need lush and a bathtub ... :(
Great, has got php5-mysql and libmysqlclient-dev out of sync and broke my dev server :(
I wish I could join :(
I miss my Pleasanton friends :(
wala me load e :((( try ko i'll text u later
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.329
Definitely! I was lucky to be heard quickly (was there way early) but it was a nightmare for everyone :(
Megan fell asleep already :-(
I miss my mom :(
Ma heed :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.328
Gwss :( Thankyouu.
not see through the charade that has become day to day living? :((
i know how to play one last time i need to be the one who takes you home on the piano &amp; i cant do the rest fml :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.327
who's scored ? I'm at work :(
yeah, that's why 'last time'. They were planning to file police complaint. So much yelling. Can we switch places? :(
no contact whatsoever from anybody :(
yeah its horrible isn't it :( big hugs! &amp; it means a lot. X
I want Pete Wentz :(
yeah, we had it but Shogi took it :( #BlameShoghicp
I met a new kinds of people, new classmate, new set of friends,Everything was new for me. But I dont find my BESTFRIEND. :(
hey there, internet - anyone had any troubles with ordering from #fixedgearfrenzy? Been 5 days now &amp; no dispatch notice. Getting worried :(
theyre so cute :(
no idea. 2 weeks, and I've had to to say rip to both of my hats :(
i hope Shamuon's doing all right in Tokyo. :(((
Being sent home because I'm not allowed to work on my broken toe :(
Managed to fuck it up horrendously jumping...
That feeling when u don't wanna leave someone's open house :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.326
Hasb SMS k messages atty hain mujy sirf :(
Keep waking up from nightmares :(
Pls win :(
:-( i'll be at work, like the other time
well that isn't helpful/sensible etc... :( #Brum #cyclerevolution
how's dbn? I miss your ass bruh :(
caaaannntttt :(
Oh dear. They lost my payment last year &amp; wrote to say my account was overdrawn. TBF they did 'find' it when I complained :-(
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Im crying,i hope zayn will come back but other side i just don't want to believe it :(
damn give it back :(
She's gone :(, Hello, we offer you free perfume samples and Chanel/Burberry/Prada giveaway on our site! Please check our bio.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.325
oh noesss :((
Finally watching the last #TopGear episode, hopefully it won't end :(
and I thought you were worthy of being the bridesmaid &gt;:(((((((((
Yeah : ( Couldn't find an NHS dentist here.
I am looking forward for tomorrow's gathering omg la why the sudden change :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.324
Yet another #RandomRestart #RandomReboot of #Lumia #WindowsPhone .
And that's after #Microsoft's update addressing that issue. :(
lucky :( I was feeling hungry, but then I didn't wanna get out of bed either, so I gotta wait until maana
Some kpop female solos are ruined by those short male rappings :(
SAME :(
please sponsor us love! :( it would mean so much! We are begging you for a while now, please notice us
Yes now we do. Which means we're stuck with him as a striker, unless LVG plays him behind one. :(
Fuuuuuck :(
helppp :(. I'm in the U.S and want to order a refurbished cintiq companion online but my card originates from outside the U.S
Finnick's part in the final book is :-( is the movie going to be sad too #AskFinnick
It was inside a closed container and im scared :( i can't even touch it :( and it looks hairy hahaha
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.323
Two days off, and now I'm buried in emails... :(
omaygad , i didnt know vic got surgery :( and theres amber :((( TT.TT
Hope you feel better. :(
i was so hyper today :((
there's a Las Vegas snapchat story and I'm sad, I want to go back :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.322
I'm hungry :(
Hi, imiss you :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.321
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.320
i feel so bad for her LMAO ohhh i wanna know how it felt to be louis the first time he met H :(
I know.For now I am limited to prepaid stuff :(
We thought today was pizza day. Sadly none of the managers are in that usually buy it :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.319
I want to go to my grandma and grandpa's farm! There's a lot of cow chicken sheeps horses fruits and vegetables there :( Aww help me!
Bored, puking and delirious from no sleep :-( motilium are a pack of Shite, no use at all. I'm also grumpy..... &gt;:(
I want to but I was busy moving house then I got ill... and I'm still ill :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.318
that would be terrible :(
im so tired af but i need to ignore it bc of schoolworks :(((((
I want a taco :((
whats phoebe's name on shots? can't find her :(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.317
I'm sorry to :-( :-( :-(
Block
yes, don't do what I did last year: cycle through massive puddle, not see huge pothole, get stuck, &amp; fall off into water :-(
2 OF THOSE TIMES ITS BEEN OUT OF MY CONTROL :( AND I HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO :(:( i miss it :(:(
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I BELEVE THAT HE WLL FOLLOW.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTN :( x15.316
you haven't followed me yet :((
Infinite im so sorry..i cant stream~~ :(
im sorry :(((
How do you turn notifications off?? I've had over 1,300 in the past few days :(
Hi Robyn, really sorry but it's not one of our necklaces :( Rachel x
Ang Cold. :(
amazing set of questions bhai keep it up:(( missing shan e ramzan and u :((
No, not yet :( .... but hopefully soon. Fingers crosssed! Are you coming to the in #clapham
:-( need to investigate more....
I have no one who will gift this to me :( *Feeling jealous *
No Friday night live on in Sth Aus. So purchased a digital pass. Still have to wait to see on delay :-(
Oh dear!! :-( xx
this movie essentially cut all the beginning of the book from its plot. :(
tonight I got photoshoooot :(
Austin Mahone - All I Ever Need :(
shut up :(
oh :( well it wouldn't hurt to visit the doctor about it
andaming memorization :(
Is anyone up :(
Cotton Candy is my favourite too! :( Time to stock up again!
why can't I sleep :(((
My poor baby is sick:(
And he doesn't have the concept of swallowing his snot so he chokes on it. :((
we're all in the same feelings :(
GUYS add my KIK : taknottem477 #kik #kikgirl #skype #booty #nudes #mpoints #oralsex :(
aw man, get better soon :(
maybe... im not into the i'll listen until i like it :(((( i'll stay with my old btob songs
God , please help me ! :(
Really miss you :(
keeps saying busy on mine :-(
we're going down at the moment :( the percentage ohh please!
Nobody to go with :(
SNAPCHAT : ShoshannaVassil #snapchat #hornykik #selfie #gay #porn #quote #camsex :(
wish I was going to Taylor swift :(
Flat is love to make me puke :(
what the heck :( you don't follow her?
It would be Ice Cream without Ice :((
#WSaleLove
Too many people asking when I'm back in LA :(
Looks painful :(
Snapchat me guys - sexyjane19 #snapchat #kik #Horny #bestoftheday #photo #goodmusic #sexual :(
Delph??! 20 minutes, off on his debut :(
Lart rt :(
might sew it up! And no do you know if someone took my orange chair?:((
I already left :(
I didn't meet him :( I did at the skyfall premiere ages ago though!! He's yummy...just like his cakes!
I just woke up to pee and now the suns coming up and I can't go back to sleep :(
sorry :(
I'm not in manteca :( I'm visiting my dad
if i asked her, she'd probably stab me :( but i found a 6 speed massage chair with shiatsu setting and heat for $50. Less risk.
Edward Hopper
Eyyah :( am Man Utd born..... the best"
I booked trip before crisis. :(((
I missed the goal :( 1-0 Real
I'm really sad i had the live photo sets in my cart but the shop logged me out :(
aaaaaaaaaaaaa :((((( i need to decide on a waifu like by tomorrow
what happen to you babe? :(
Playing "Give Your Heart A Break" having memories from "The Breakup" episode :( I love the song tho
:( the cold never bothered me anyway.
also i had a dream about joe again i just want to hug him and tell him how cute he is :(
: ( i'm like your major fan (!!) i just have this bias syndrome that i get shy around my biases : ((((
MY STREAM IS SO PIXELATED :((((((
WHEN YOU ACTUALLY DECIDE TO COME SEE ME IVE TRIED TO GIVE IT TO YOU LIKE 3 TIMES :(
weh I thought sa may bank? :-(
wanted to get some but there isn't any Uber ice cream in my area :(
MAYMAY and If ever you make plans, DO IT IN ADVANCE HUHU! :( I need like 1 week allowance na magpaalam!!
&amp; why tf can't i find subtitles for OITNB ? I need to understand Changs backstory :(
Jeremy Kyle is so close to home this morning :(
going home :(
i miss you :(
for u :(((((((((((
but i miss all the boys being together i mean :((((
When the bus is late and you have no time to get food before work :(
gimme :( enjoy your meal baby
i just realised i am a month clean and wow i think that's neat-o :(
wru scissors :(
dear plz don't post my creations in public without my permission , i amtired now telling every1 :(
don't have the app :(
imysm :((((
bank bank tut :(
i think i messed up my ankle again :(
- trop tard :(
Managed 1 month of accounts &amp; have to do a few more :( tax credit deadline for 31 st. Only get child tax credit as cut Oct.
I gave it away last night as I didnt hear from anybody :(
I hear so many frogs this morning :((((((
Im crying right now my babies :(
online please :(
nothing in Shepherds Bush either :( I want ice cream
i have no friends whatsoever lol :(( oh well
Premiun feature in the making :() #NOTCOOL
almost 2/3 done with this. Sa lahat ng araw, bakit naging saturday pa finals ko :((
gyu y r u so cute :-( it hurts ok
:( lmfaoooo
I've been awake since like three :-(
well can I just say I deleted my Twitter app 3 weeks ago so I literally just downloaded it, sorry!:(
I acc can't look at it :(
you still haven't ! ! : (
come online babe :(
Aw I was hoping :(
wish more of my friends played league :-(
I literally just feel like eating some good fruit I'm so :(
I can't afford them can you please give me my first full mashup pack please :(
how am i gonna watch eu lcs in 6 hours :( help i need more sleep
Hope they find new homes :(
real talk does my account match or no? :(
typo ye :(
why dont come here in Italy? :(
yass :(:
i rly wanna spend christmas with my relatives this yr :(
not really, it's my first ever edit haha :-(
Just my luck. When I move to Sydney. Everyone decides they don't want to go out :( hahaha
I don't get why mb needs to cut their perf when don't cut on any other programmes :(
but I JUST (like 15 mins ago) bought my dinner? :(
UR ACTUALLY WATCHING (but is it for me smh #what #a #bff #yes #hashtags #bc #u #love #me jk omfg im so hyper :-( )
Tired &amp; grumpy today. Hate missing exercise, as it makes me feel so much better. Can only go to combat in the holidays :(
My stomach hurts so much. I want to cry :(
why so sudden :((
IT STILL DOSENT WORK :(((
sod's law :( but think of the Christmas sales!!!!
Delph :(
I've been trying to call for 20mins and getting a busy signal! :( I want to request the Yahoo yodel!
I literally just pass out lately. :(
You're going to die. I'm sorry :(
I very jokingly said it with no seriousness :(
i regret getting starbucks :( i want to sleep but i can't...
I think I'm sick too :(((((((((
MY snapchat : LynetteLowe #snapchat #kikhorny #interracial #bestoftheday #naked #goodmusic #sexysasunday :(
i hope he is okay :(
Today's weather sums up how I feel about going to work :( #TGIF
oh my gahd get well soon Amber :(
theres a rumor they said zayns gonna be back on the 26th this month but JUST A RUMOR THO :(
bts was 2 weeks ago :(
Why is time dragging today. I looked at the clock and was disappointed to discover it wasn't even 12.00 yet :-(
obyun unnie? :(
im literally crying right now :(
wayhh :(
Ahhh Food Poisoning is so prevalent... :(
Controversy. :(
sorry :(
My name tho :-(
i miss him
Poorly once again :( bed and Netflix today
Same Feelings sir :( :(
I really want sushi :(((((
Week 2 is over :( but can't wait for week 3
I want to rt that :(
Has anyone managed to get an #UberIceCream yet? We keep getting busy messages. I think this is worse than the tube strike :(
I feel like I'm going to throw up :(
Good for you....that's about 2 1/2 inches more than I got in NW Meck LOL :(
Can't sleeeep :(
is no one awake :(
oh :( we'll miss you :(
Delph injured already :( #MCFC
any fresh News? Still impossible to play :(
oh no :( is there anything yo ucan do?
I understand :( It's so sad &amp; depressing and makes me extremely anxious as a poc :/
so I guess blocking number on phones spam SMS feature wont work. Nor will using specific words since these guys write Sinhala in English :(
No of Billionaires (1645) in the world is more than No of Islands (1190) in Maldives. Dheena, Fasgadah Alvadhaau. :(
I burned my pizza rolls :-(
How can we help ? :(
Live countdown on V app?? I'm still confused with it's functions. Can we watch it on desktop??? :(((
MY snapchat : EvelineConrade #snapchat #kikgirl #like4like #FaceTime #kikmsn #amazon #selfshot :(
I've wanted panda for like 3 days :(
this is awful news! Mum uses them for my birthday cake every year and now for my 21st there will be none :( #disappointed
I WANNA GO BACK. CAN WE GO BACKKK? :(
Wake up :(
To think this could be the last photo of these 11 all together... I hate the transfer window. :-(
where is this?? looks so relaxing :(
oh my, im not prepared for to get a girlfriend :(
Hi Dan , not too bad. Dull and overcast. Rain due later today :-(
you're so inactive :((
ahhh get well soon amber!!! :(
Amber :(
Hey, yeah couldn't see anything. Even checked my spam folder too :(
I hate being up late bc then I won't wake up early and I end up wasting my day
:(((
:(( I miss you so much
Cant wait to have my truck fixed i missin hangin wiff mah friends all the time. :(
music team or interactive dept :(((
such a waste of a cherry bakewell :(.
Collecting all five teal cards in time but not getting the prize makes me sad. :( #sect #tennunb
I'd rather stay in and sleep this weekend than go out :(
I LOVE THAT EPISODE BUT SKIP THE DOOMSDAY EPISODE PLEASE :((((
i feel you :((
Feeling a little neglected as there has been no visit from the postie today! :-(
I wish i got goodnight messages :(
he didn't read my donation :(
I wish I had the money to afford them :(
I have a headache. :(
I feel like I'm a weird person for shipping Bellamy &amp; Raven, because everyone ships him with Clarke, but the heart wants what it wants :(
Miss you too :( I'm so busy these week. How are you ?
I feel so bad for helmy :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I want I want :((
misss uh yr... Cnt wait more to c uh.... :( :'( :(
Feels like winter :( #whereisthesun #summerismissing
it's gonna be a longggg night :(
Another ridiculous headache :(
sorry to hear :-( hope you're ok. haven't been to your stream lately as I got a new job but stocko will be back
All i want is some chocolate and a lucozade :( :( :( :( :(
And people ask why I don't leave my house, the world is scary and fucked.
Shootings and explosions everywhere :(
same :(
what happened to gyu :-(
why beh :((
The worst mental block is a half-remembered song when its melody's in your head n it ain't leaving and you can't recall the whole either :((
:( sounds like you've reached my level
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I wish :( :( please get signed xxx
Actually, THEY say it, each time their mouths open :(
feeling let down :( thought I was your favourite of your favourites
:( :( :( target ftw
I never have enough sleep :(
Walking alone is not difficult. But when we walked a mile someone... Then coming back alone is Very Difficult.. :( : (
#S #h #O #n #U
Moving out day :(
I asked first!! :( pfb"
even on nate i think :(( they dropped places already
First time travelling to expo by myself. &amp; the worse part is, ive not been to expo before :(
I MISS YOU TOO JISOO!!! :(
when I went "fuck off" to ur Chloe reply on my selfie I got this anon and they were all "omg do u hate Chloe :("
50 like ? mager wi':(
u knw wht I'm big fan of them n went on their set once bt didn't get chance to meet... :(
if me and laura dont meet next year im gonna be so sad :((
Still mad at my knee :(
Gutted I never went down to Distant Worlds in London.
I'm very well, yourself?
It has been too long :(
Stop buffering :(
I'm going insane. The ID is wrong &amp; the account won't go away so I can open my own account :(
why is charli so hot every time she's in finland :(
"Eh guys ganas face ah" :(
Still in the studio with the sun coming up... Last good morning at Arch Camp :(
They dont love me,they know me when they need me :(
the name of the movie sounds sad itself :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
You lyin :( lmao
Jealous :( Why!
i feel sick :-(
Miss my hair this colour :(
Me : kian I love you
Kian : I LOVE YOUUUUUU
:( I can't get over today omg
no supercars &amp; now no ice cream in so many Gurgaon locations :-( pls add more locations!
I hate you :((( see you at 9:15??
I'm bored :(
whyyyy le :(?
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
My words were just satire on a general situation. Why are you hurt so much? :(
Regretting this peanut butter sandwich rn, sore in my mouth is making things difficult :-(((((((
Garden update: my trees are gone :(
beers are lovely :(
My assignments have been failed :-(
Say "Hello" to Viners Palembang please :(
I'm sorrrrryyyyy!! :(
Aww amber :(
im so sure fany is so happy now :(
sad sad sad kid :( it's ok I help you watch the match HAHAHAHAHA
It's too early in the day for a boner. Have mercy :-(
I AM MAD, YUKI EGG. &gt;:( SEE IM MAD &gt;:( &gt;:(
Looks like it's finally time to get rid of the old 2500k :(
will i ever hear mary did you know live :(((
:(((( | Jake Gyllenhaal talks the impact of Heath Ledger's death via
miss you btw :(
Cold+Cough= :(
I see. Oh hunny :( U know I'm at the end of a line if u just need a friendly ear. I know I've said that b4 but it still stands
my data just depleted, I wish it could come back and say "I'm sorry Mbasa, I was joking. I'm still here" :(
breaks my heart cause I'm not at hard :(
kat office client :( you?
esp when it came off for an hour for x rays. ( hope). Makes you feel like crying when you have to go back in :(
:( aah, maybe they're just the type who blocks people easily? at least it's nothing personal then, but yeah, it still sucks....
Anybody here with a collection of all Suits episodes from all seasons? Pa-copy. :(
Woke up with another migraine. :( ... Need proper rest but at moment I can't.
Now you made me really angry and sad ... :( NO NEW BIOMES! ...
same :( I was at the mosque w I had to sit outside the whole time and it was smelly I'm so annoyed
This taxi is emptier than Ciara's concert :(
my stomach hurts so bad :(
have fun here, even though I won't be able to see you :((
I hope everything's ok. *hugs* :(
Omg nooo :(((
I'm not tired wtf :-(
:(: (Vine by luke clips)
aw bb :(
yeah and too tall :(
I don't wanna go home just bring the English food over here and I'll gladly stay here :((
I'm sorry. :(
:-( i'm sorry
hahahaha that wasn't my intention!! I turned away and he said something so I turned again and that's when he kissed me :(
AMBS please it's harry's jeans :)):):):(
mayday parade is just feels :(
i know right :( huhu sad lyf
August 13th :( x
A sad new for the animal kingdom :(
You saw chris brown :((((
so cute :(
I miss my mom. :(
yeah but it's a bit risky to count on that :(
come back to cologne please :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
it doesn't help my Itunes doesn't work so I can't buy anything :(((
Weather app says rain tonight into tomorrow. :( Sit in the car &amp; watch the footy
No babes on there :(
I wanna duo :(
i do like ballads but idk :((
Same :(
I need a massage :((
wtf body goals :(
But I was told that I'm becoming a bit of a bish, so maybe I shouldn't :(
Our lovely intern is leaving us today :( but look at all these yummy treats she brought us! #yumyum
Cathy's story is basically about a black guy singing :(
Missyou bishes :(
Ruby rose ko tou maine pora stalk karlia Omg beauty khatam bandi pe why TF she's so Pyaari but not me :(
oh gawd i really need to get out more.... i understood that whole thing :(
Great review for MASSIS tea. We miss :(
#ThatSelfieThough
ON LOOP... Bad news for the people I have to provide feedback too though :(
Packing is such a nightmare :(
ofc not allowed but some fans are managed to take some picts.. the risk is they caught by the security and got kicked out :(
oh dear :(
Aishhh... the stream getting slow and more viewer... :((*
:((( me too i have exams soon sighssss
It was burnt toffee :(
okay she doesnt want to talk to me then I will stop :(
True..... Honesty is a very very very lonely word!!!! :(
its #CheatDay and I've ran out of protein :(
I WANT :((
Sissi made a tote bag for me for my birthday and i use it all the time and now its slowly breaking and it makes me really sad :(
I'm going to sleep before I upset myself any further :(
I miss Church helping me get into my Armor :(
No Delphy :(
i miss them :(( but i hate pll :((
so teen top actually performed under the rain yesterday.... fk are they ok :((( but im still v proud of them la!!!
Please :(
whens my cat coming :(
Sel, Beth come to Serbia! Serbian Selenators and Motavators are so sad! :(
ZAYYYYYN :(
poor kids momma died :(
what happend to kian? :( is he okay?
awww. Imperative. :( #TRMDHesitant
Cleaned my room! YAY but panas af :(
That was the quickest blood test ever but my arm hurts :(
I just slept in cause I really didn't wanna see everyone get their Jacob tickets when I wasn't allowed :(((
Fuck sake ! Hamstring injury for delph :-( not another Rodwell
none of my friends came :(
WHat? Wasn't it supposed to be out in August?? :(
the problem is tracing, many people do that and claim they are an artist which is not how it works :(
did u get called by tp law? :(
We don't have chocolate milk powder anymore :(
teeth :( so I can smile wider
This honestly makes me sick to my stomach. RIP to all those who lost their lives last night :(
Pains in my tummy an back keep waking me up :( literally can't get comfortable
I did notice :( where are you working now?
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I thought he was too! :-(
thank you bruno I had just made it to 1.8k too :(
wish I was going to ed in croke park today :(
Has anyone had to deal with Toll before to get a package? I don't understand their website :(
still not back in shape :(
:( I went all in too (wasn't much) I swear I'm the unluckiest bettor...
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
NSTP Class tomorrow :(
31 units for first sem of second year? Please tell us you're kidding. :(
i got this from google image, and now i don't know where is it bc i already closed the browser :/ sorry :((
I'm too tan :-(((
i still really really really really really like chipotle but chick-fil-a stole my heart :(
evet :-(
so lucky u. we dont have ramadhan holiday. only eid and that's only a week :( i need more
Hard to save a live... :( &lt;/3 #Stexpert #RipStegi
Nickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy wtf did you do :(
I seriously don't want to go back. :((
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
#ZaynComeBackTo1D #zayniscomingback don't fucking play my emotion please... who started this....... :(
got an image as the header of the website, and it won't centralise :(
We have discontinued this product, Sophie. Really sorry for any disappointment :( We will pass your feedback on!
tbh idk :( ask around
Its Kate, tho!! :( #sniff
I'ts buffering for me :(
:( let me speak *struggles*
aww damn :( and haha will do!
please follow me again!! :(
So glad i don't bother with make up at work. Been outside all morning and my face would have gone down the drain by now. Bloody rain. :(
more precious when its never end :(
why u so fab :((( hahahahaha creds
IT ENDED SO SOON. T_T
It hurts that one of them has to be eliminated. They're all so good. :(
#TeamZiPal
SMTM4
ty, come home tonight tho :((((
Doing my assingnment whilst watching the game lol i hate life :(
awwww thank u i Editied it on my old phone ... but it dont work more :(
Nakaka Beastmode. I lost my ID :(
OH MY GAAAWD :(
but Jane said I'm welcome :(((((
Yes, I love Mango ice candy but #ToothSensitivity robs me of the fun I could have had :(
why unfollow??? Please follow me again!!! :( colombia loves you!!
please :((
Future didn't show up :(
thanks yots. Labyo miss you :((
get well soon pretty pano mo nalamannn bebeee? :( thankyou
oh no i'm too early :-(
damn they stole my home girls phone toogot me fucked up :(
I need to stop being so hardheaded :-(
That lonely moment when the only text message you get all day is from your cell phone company. :(
but when you call me baby I KNOW IM NOT THE ONLY ONE :( eating Zach's Burger Xpress
that's true :-( it's trying to get rid of Katie Hopkins to no avail
I'm really just up :(
Can't sleep :(
Every night I take hella melatonin &amp; every night I take like a 2-4 hour nap until I'm wide awake &amp; it's the next day again :(
me too :( determined not to feel ill for tonight!!!
not me! :(
So cold here in the office huhu :( No more tasks to do but I'll be here until 9pm hahaah!!
I miss Chris ' voice :(" same
Oh that's a shame! :( We're really looking for people that have written about it before and frequently do it! But thank you!
Hope that person is in jail :(
weirddd :(
Everyone is happy bc they have amazing friends bc of 1D then here i am still waiting for my internet bestfriends :(
Head ache :(((
RUINED &gt;:(
i need more :( donghyuk stans :( in :( my :( tl :((((( where u guys at
but why? :(
I miss Beks' original body since episode 13 :(
reynoldsgrl either deactivated or got suspended i wanted to shade :(
just got home.. heavy rain :(
sorry :(
haha I feel so naked without ole beardy tho :(
How did you get it?? I've been trying for ages and no joy! :(
I want to sleep why am I not tired :((((
this song is freaking saaaaaaad :(
Sorry guys, no new video this week! :(
aw that's a shame, we thought you were! We'll miss you :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
what happen to the kaussies? :(
I was looking forward to this Pixels movie and it turned out to be a bummer :(
its okay bae~ its okay :(
i wanna hug her already. #FightingMCIrene
MICHAEL'S EXERCISING AND YEAH IT'S GREAT AND ALL BUT I DON'T WANT HIM TO LOSE THE TUMMY :(((
done please pick me :(
finding old pictures with my long hair makes me so sad :(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
it's wet and miserable here :(( missing my morning yoga &amp; drink in the sunshine! love to you all. xx
thats so mean!!&gt;:( i dont like him how rude! also aww bc they had to keep u away from the snake:/ damn they shouldve moved him
Fucking shit stalking her account :(
"zayn is coming back on july 26"
srsly guys? how many times did you say that?? :-((
Georgia and Saffron are amazing and queens and I am just a poor peasant :( wish i could be more like them...
I got no sleep :(
ahh im sorry i didnt reply back :( i miss you too!! also i wouldve tweeted u on that acc but ive been having
NFINITE New Update - Hoya
~#Admin_Myung
SLP :(
The saddest thing is when you are feeling real down,you look around and realize that there is no shoulder for you.! :(
laomma design; Kebaya &amp; Wedding Dress. Bandung - Indonesia
LINE: laomma,
7DF89150
WHATSAPP : (+62) 089624641747
Instagram : Laomma_Couture
No, I can't :(
I feel so drained like omg like so tired physically and mentally how haizzz and my eyes still hurt urghhh sat sun cant even stay at home :(
I'm really trying hard to level up my working-on-a-tight-schedule art for comics, &amp; I know sometimes the art looks off, but :( ganbarimasu
:( now im feeling lonely wth
livid - it's still not working :(
oh that actually made me sad lol :(((
wanna sleep :(
double whammy :(
How unlucky would it be if I was dying and passed away just before ed came on stage #:-(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
Quuuuuuee friooooo :(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
so... it's raining again... so much for running... :(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
my dad said no sorry :(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
fat lady parts :(
I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me
please take me there :((
wtf stereo kicks :(
:((((((((((( but hopefully chwang will still drag him out to eat later sobs
Add my KIK - lorm823 #kik #kikmeguys #blonde #rp #kikmenow #indiemusic #selfshot :(
why is this so accurate :-((((
I cant stream :(
Feeling unhappy today :-(
Omg no Amber :((
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - jennyjean22 #snapchat #hornykik #ebony #trade #models #elfindelmundo #webcamsex :(
hey that was mean :(
I told myself I can survive living alone for the rest of my life but I can't even be left alone for a day :(
well rude :(
I wanna buy the #calibraskaEP :(
No I didn't :( Hahaha I wish T.T You?
lolzz, unfortunately dats how it is :(
:( feels
I keep having the worse dreams with Corey in them :-(
I appreciate the weekly update but more weapons than ever before are on the way? we have nowhere to put the one we already own :(
yup thank you! Huhu mahirap? :(
T H E D R E A M is dead :((( Guess it's time to get to sleep. Hope it works later today and I can get some games with Nash
My body system don't want to accept those foods :(
oh gosh i love it so much ;__; they have those fried noodles?? Love but they stopped selling them here :(
London is veeeeerry wet today - this is more like summer as I know it! :(
saw it being rted orig tweet by :((
justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm baby! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:17AM)
:( I was kidding, get out your feelings
SONG FIFTH ALBUM I AM SO NOTR READY HWY IS NIALL SO CUTE :(:
Nothing except lie, fraud, double cross, diplomacy, survival of fittest, zero tolerant..... :(
-hugs- I really wish I could love :( I miss you.
miss you. :(
always remember to take a shit bb gurl. :-(
We're sorry to hear this :( How is it now? Try the following steps: &amp; let us know how you get on.
So true, yet many know this and choose to not heed the notion xx :(
Unfortunately today's performances at Pier Approach will not be going ahead due to the weather. :(
crying to get rattle robe :(
Just looked at your previous tweets and seen that this message was due to a hack :( Hope you got it sorted!
do you not like ballads :-( i think it emphasis their vocals a lot so im happy they chose to promote one
They are all sold out :((((
erm, what's that like then :(
can't announce cool show today so wait until monday thanks :(
hey Abby.can you help me persuade my mum to come with me to see in London please?:(
Lmao just realized I tweeted the wrong lyrics :(
but but but but but emily's birthday :(
i packed all my socks for camping so i had to wear odd socks :(
I can't see how she can possibly be elected - FAR too much baggage. But people see what they want to see :(
So cold :(
maverickgamer_July 24, 2015 at 07:17PM :(
No~ I mean, that hmm, omg Im so slow :(
shiiiit. Kamiss beh Thank you bby. :* I miss you :( love you mwa.
My mommy left :(
hi ate :( i know she loves you so much but maybe she's having a hard time right now.
Very sad to return from holiday to find not on my radio in the morning and not doing BC drive :(
but dat was fun while it lasted :(
Why do people scream so much before/during fighting? .. You're only hurting your throat stop it :(
:() IS there A CAT CAFE IN MELBOURNE
Movie marathon anyonneeee :(((( loner af
So fricken cold :(
that's annoying! That's the one I'm using and it's really good :(
meh rito pls do something :(
Friendzone :(
Although it's 3 am here when their panels start...I'm gonna miss everything...:-(
repeat audience ?? :(
I only got one month in June :(
Take me back :( Hsm Canarios Park Hotel
im sorry im getting all personal and stuff but its really bothering me and i cant stop crying about it but i dont have anyone to talk to :(
I wonder when I'm gonna see all ukiss members as one again :(
i wish i was there too! :(
but we have to have faith that we'll meet Sam and Kurt one day! one day...
my friends fatma'm :(
damn Alex has more swag than me :((
lmfao seriously??? I can't remember if I did honestly..more likely tho :((
Missing you :(
please follow me :( i have been waiting for your follow back :(
please follow me back or retweet or reply this :(
:( update: via
Oh no, I forgot I'd be missing your cakes - and those FLAPJACKS! :-( #countthecost
I want IHOP :(
i dont have snapchat :(
Yep but oh so common of infra, still being rolled out now, in this Country :-(
so true :(
done can u please give them to ? i know im late sorry :(
:(((( thank u bby. i love u too.
Can I just call into work :(
last day :-(
I want to sleep :(
2nd thoughts on college :((
where do u guys stream? my stream is so lq im - :(
you, with your words like knives :((
Can't sleep cause I've had the worst anxiety all day :( ugh can I just stay home tomorrow? #sotired #mybrainneedstoshutoff
Was so exited to get a maccies breakfast but no I was 10 minutes late and had to get a burger and cheese bites :(
it was amazing!! Such a short trip though :( I wanna go again, but for more days!! How's Spain? X
Sorry Mr 25 :(
so pleased it went well Wayne! Shame I couldn't be there :( x
wtf,i make new giveaway acc again...and now can't to tweet anything again!! :(
I wanna talk to people but I'm scared they will find me annoying and tend to ignore me or not interested to talk to me :-((
I could get a black 510 and a blue silicon cover for it .. but its just not the same :(
No one thank that they have me bc of 1D! :(
I H A T E M E. Kbye
btw ini sore say :(
I hate how they didn't have their first win yet :((
Anytime Lil Nigga!! (: (:
I tried to support but only UK citizens can sign :(
so low compared to their ranking on mcountdown :((
5h + kids makes all ://:(\\\
People change and it's not always for good :(
I'm sure It would be sad to see you go Thapelo :( \OP"
Chocolates and peanuts ...... :(
Civ 5 just crashed in the middle of a marathon game... :(
Wooden Mic neh! :(
That is so embarrassing :( i texted the wrong organization gosh
lost all the excitement for my birthday :-(
hate it when people don't text me back :(
deactivated :(
My mouth cant translate the things my heart says. :(
Today? I don't have :(
Mine still isn't working wtf? I missed my daily chances and going to miss out on mecha-totems if this keeps up :(
This feeling.... Miss her badly. :(
Nak tgk paper townssssss sigh :(
Too early :(
jokid :(((
i miss being a kid. i can't believe I'm doing adult stuff like paying rent and bills and doing a degree and shit like . the fuck??!?:(
tomorrow again, please? :-(
yes, very inconsiderate of them. :( why???
Pray for the kids :(
wow i miss my long hair , my braces , &amp; softball :(
and more and more and more anna :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
should i apply for tomcat? :(
Miss You Chel :(
We don't like the sound of this Jemma :( Try the following network steps: &amp; let us know.
idk how to use those :(
which is only good if I'm receiving delivery otherwise I have to leave a detailed list of with offers OH needs 2 check :(
matchy matchy d elsa hair :-(( love u soo much!
please dont postpone it any longer! :( :(
karin honey i want another vist :(
I'm gonna get high blood pressure one day lol I'm eating too much unhealthy food :(
Pains propa knockin me sick :( owwww
Bacon sandwiches for &amp; in the Marketing office, but I'm on pre-holiday diet boooo :( #meanies #deathbybaconsmell
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I'm confused :( What do I put in the inital location? #UberIceCream asking me for location and destination
what happened love? :(
So now F(x) is 4 members?? Just Victoria,Amber,Luna,And Krystal??? No giant baby again in F(x) :(
but no picture? :(
come to singapore :(
the last concert I went to in this stadium tomorrow's show is in was justin :(
Why can't I retweet your stuff :((
where r u gonna be Sarajevo??? :( I live like 2 hours from there
team has fallen apart unfortunately no energy it seems :(
but i wasn't :-((
haix I wish I was an sp student :((( everyday can go breakfast when im late for class already haix
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
then tell me how? :(
why is this not on Wii U, did Bayonetta 2 and The Wonderful 101 really sell so poorly? :(
yeah just saw your other tweets and completely agree, we're not moving quick enough on transfers though :(
:((( dropped again
work was no longer really doable (I drove as trains were awful), so moved agencies, long story.Miss everone though :( R U OK x
don't have any :( gonna order a jps soon hopefully they have some
I miss mamabear so much :(
I thought finding someone was hard but finding them and trying to make them stay is harder :(
#imintoher
Oh no that sucks! :(
I need to go school shopping. School starts in almost a week :(
so bad :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
UGH,I JUST WANT TO BE WITH YOU RIGHT HERE AND RIGHT NOW,I NEED YA TAY. You are the only one who understands me. :(
so true, I voted for them so many times :( Underrated just like all of Slovakia's entries D:
it's not funny :(
I know :( saklap
Sadly, I can't see my grades yet bc i have a hold order in rizal lib :(
Baby :(
gonna miss it there :(
I'm not watching because I'm working :( but I'm not interested in man city anyway hope they lose
I wanted to go but I don't live near any of these places at all :((
it wasn't in class but the entire school had to discuss it in their advisory period but no one took it seriously :-(
ja dit dus, I know the feel :(
life is harsh sometimes :(
school start next Monday ohgod :(
MY kik - abligaverins7 #kik #hornykik #photooftheday #kikchat #likeforlike #indiemusic #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :(
Such a positive, beautiful light :( #RIPSandraBland #JusticeForSandraBland #SandraBland
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I WANT TO CRI I HAVE NO ONE TO GO W :(((((((
oh no I didn't :( So sad, I will do some catching up today x
Oh damn,it's true :( That moment you realize that holiday is almost over and you've done nothing."
miss you edel!! Aww :( why? :(
Salam dear brother Eid Mubark &amp; very sorry i've missed ur all the shows on this eid..feeling bad+sad :-(
HP LOW DONG :((((((
This is just way too common now :-(
SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :(
just saw this not mine huhu but .... :(((
SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :(
miss u! :( and speck if your online babes ?? x
My SNAPCHAT - AbbyMill18 #snapchat #snapchatme #wet #sex #sexy #indiemusic #hotels :(
:( ion wanna hear that
yeah just thinking :(
Spent more than 5min tryna lock my hse door without getting the key stuck. Noob to the nxt level. :(
2weeks before our exam :(
I hate not getting enough sleep :( My baby wakes me up 300 times a night and I always feel like falling asleep at work
no but I was pretty sure :-( until now at least
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
but still, fck, the nae nae...:( that literally made me fucking cry bc too deep
emotions make us human :(
Enough whit this ...:(;(;( ...stop
all ice cream vans are busy in Bristol :(
same lol :(
the subserver is down :(
just talked to my sis :(
Oo pre I'm sick :( huhu so sad hahaha
just got out of the tub :(
Can't wait to climb #penyfan on sunday. Hoping the rainy weather forecast is wrong! :( #breconbeacons
give me your Skype name my FaceTime doesn't work :(
Looking for fun? KIK - tittheir42 #kik #kikgirl #fuck #kikme #like4like #indiemusic #hottie :(
We Indian fans really miSS UU dear do uu MiSS us :((((
I feel so rough :( My throat really hurts and my head keeps going really fuzzy and I feel like I'm going to pass out :'( xx
where the hell are you? I miss my idol :(
please come to San Antonio again soon :(
I miss Kang junhee :(
I'm still so upset about my hair... :(
i couldve joined pz earlier if i didnt wait..:(
My camping trip starts on Saturday in Somerset...looking good! ...Sunday though is a different story... :-(
given how sunburnt I managed to get this weekend, maybe I'll be safer here in the rain :(
gutted !! I couldn't get tickets and it was my birthday :( are you releasing more dates
you didn't even know what k3g was smh :(
i need to get used to waking up alone again :((
What should i do .
BAD VS PARTY AGAIN :(((((((
so near yet so far :( Manila better be in the books soon &lt;/3
So steam updated and now my inputs for GameStomp no longer work, if I can't fix this tomorrow I'm gonna have to cancel the entire event :(
yes, very inconsiderate of them. :(
desc me in 8 words off anon :(
:( i love you
sir,please announce don 3!!! i am badly waiting for it!! :(
Starts raining just as soon as I'm ready for a run :( damn it
are you 100% sure you lost it in your house?? :((
Angelo's face while listening to Yna :((( #PSYGustoKita
gimme european dates :((((((((
if I send you a fiver towards a new striker can we get one? Without Sakho we have no threat :( a goalscorer and we will be fine.
ive been reading cute fluffy cs ff :( i miss my babies :(
Foot pain just woke me up, nooooooo :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I went on at 10:59 and stayed on at 11.00 until now but there were never any #UberIceCream vehicles available. Sham :(
I wish my Parents would live forever. :(
Finding a good conference hotel in London is tricky! They are all too small :(
i miss baao :(
is he alright?:(
nisrina is so beautiful :(
So, its been 40 days since you been gone and I still missing you like crazy bcs there were many hard times that I need you to support me :(
ladygaga I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow Chelny before the end of the month. Don't disappoint me! :(
I miss you's lots :-( , hope too see you's soon x
what about Paris :(
At least I think Marrish is happening, not as my others otp's :(
I miss my guy bestfriend :(
Its 6:15 and I'm wide awake :(
Fuck tired :-(((
look how beautiful i wanna go back :(
yess;; i dont have the original pic :(
......... not really :(((((
OKAY PLEAS EDOMNT FCK QIH MY FEELINGS SHXBS ENOUGH!!!! :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
1000% battery life please :(
my leg is white :-(
no :( I'm so sorry
Please help find these baby goats stolen from Chilton. Their mother is crying out to feed them. :-(
Wasted a good outfit today :(
jackson looks so exhausted :-(
I'm a fuck up :(
you need to stop being so obsessed over me this is getting creepy :-(
josh is so tall that when he hugs me he can rest his head on mine :-(
are u there too? :(
Boohoo back to work tonight, another weekend on nights :-(:-(:-(
I wanna hang out with fellow tweeps and roar the lions to victory #TweepsMatchOut I want to hang out with my twitter family! :(
justinbieber I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow Chelny before the end of the month. Don't disappoint me! :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
nein :(
I can't see that tweet :(
404 not found! :(
i feel so bad because i fell asleep like right before it turned midnight and wasn't able to tell willlow hbd :(
Sowwy :( The 3000 word limit really grinds my gears, but 0.001% chance of winning makes up for it!
Spent ages making our first Vine, only to realise that they're meant to be shot in portrait mode and you can't flip the shots...
aw sorry :( you ok? wake up Madi
what's wrong? :(
These are not facts bro :(
I wish more people did 11:11s for me :(
you ruined it &gt;&gt;:(
Shanzay salabraty :(((
I WANNA MEET THEM :(((
really thought you were one good journo.. But the lure of the gang I see is very strong.. Sad to see you too twisting news :(
i love you so so so so so so much :(
Finishing on Monday! Sadly :( Then closed beta at the end of the year!
i didnt wanna end up here :(
I asked my sister and she said no and neither of my parents have it so like :-(
I wanna watch a movie :(
mashaket :((
:( that's so sad... maybe it's a mistake, or they'd feel different about it now? *pets*
When you feel like you're making the wrong decision :(
Trying to send you a DM but not working?! :(
:( (with bapak at Royal Prima Hospital)
you haven't follow me too :(
GUYS add my KIK - mune874 #kik #kikme #tagsforlikes #snapme #bored #hannibal #kikgirl :(
if u see this, can u follow me? I'm waiting so long :(
this :(
How to money :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
i truly miss playing piano so much, i should of never stopped :(((
I'd be down but man i have to work right now :(
PLISSS TWEET THIS ELF :(
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
of course!! i dont think he'll take it seriously omg how nice if he saw this :-((
Went home &amp; came back :-( Sunway College - in Petaling Jaya, Selangor)
I STILL GOTTA GLOW UP OK :(
Huhuu Thank you for all the "congratulations" and the "proud of you" You guys have no idea how happy I am thank you for the support :(((
Yeah - we thought that was part of the tour we did today, but it wasn't. :-(
ME TOO :((( wHERE IS MARGO
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Well... ni Ode ni K I need to be disvirgined..like seriously! :(""
I hear But you know I do na... :( We can negotiate the Bride Price Advance Payment
I thought I tweeted the link to end the yulin dog meat festival but idk what happened to it .. :( Imma try again
Ive got so much things to do in 3 days. :( what is syawal now.
I need to see my boys again :(
i lapar :(
yeah sad life :((
Watching 's story on Snapchat is killing me. Whats your life ? Beach + Pool all week long ? When are you working Bitch ! :(
i forgot to get pale foundation :(
Sian :( why my plans always clash one fml facil head training this entire weekend and DH chalet. GOT SO SUAY ANOT HOW TO GO FOR BOTH
ah. Good luck then. My cat used to let them go in the house to have something to play with over winter. Fast little buggers :(
........ &gt;:( &gt;_&lt; feeling silly at Chandauli Majhwar railway station
Cant stand seeing my titos and titas cry :((((((( please pray for my cousin, he's in critical condition right now :(
I don't think you would like the answer to this question :(
number 13 :(
steals my narcos growing :(
nightmares :(
ruins the game for me. You'll notice many stop playing the game when there are many regens. They don't look realistic :( shame
why have people unfaved and rted this :(
Hope this isn't a regular problem for you :( Can you please let us know where you travel to/from and the time this was due?
It's just heavy duty Benadryl lmao but dat shit works! I forgot to take it earlier :((
do share :(
I hate it when u are offline :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Not looking forward to this night shift tonight :(
all nighter :(
dude, why arent u answering any of my msgs :((
yg new gg please :-(
Thanks hun. Shame one of the sxrew on ends came off and dissappeared. Alot of swapping around and bleeding all over the place.:(
ishal mi :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
high school days :((
YES BABE !!!! I MISSED U SO MUCH MORE :( I HATE U
It just ant working out .. :(
I'm so sorry about my spam guys :(
thaanks Jhezz!! Omg stay awesome and damn your sneaks :((
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
tHE FANDOM IS BORED :((( DON'T HURT ME #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
barely any for Saturday and standing though :(
Soft defence by the best defensive team there :( #NRLTigersRoosters
and it's also so unfair that she won't be in the season 2 of i want indiana back, i don't want a new cast :(
Hibbs fOllow back Nh Do gi ?? :o :(
Now I'm sad :(
Where is this new Frank Ocean album :( :( :(
BibleThump :(
Stress come on :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
its not me :( its the person in me, sorry xxx
I rlyyyy wanna get my septum pierced but my mum won't let me :(
GOOOD but its so hot here my tan line are ugly but im going home tonight!:(
Hiya, can you tell me if the Amazon fire phone is still available? I can't find it on the web site :(
Stressed :(
not as much as my brother :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
sorry for saying your leg black in a venomous way :-(
And oh great, I'm sharing a carriage with a group of middle aged women in pink fur-trimmed stetsons. They've started drinking already &gt;:(
you have a due date for the fix of error 59 ? My friend and me can't still play :(
hays :(
i dont know :(
:( okay
when my baby angel dies :((
Xue hasn't made me sing any songs for so long D:! She always gives Midori all the work! What about me :(?
Hi please help me in getting back my disabled account. I really really need it back. :(
Ang sakit!!!! Inside and out! :(
but you already have me. :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
:( that disgusts me what a piece of shit..you're such an amazing mother Mateo &amp; Brooklyn are so lucky he doesn't deserve to
When a guy buys u a water, but u can't drink it because u didn't watch the cup like a hawk as he transferred it from the bartender to u :(
:(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
'Working from home' normally means 'surfing' but not in this case :(
:(...feel better bby!
ok you better stay, otherwise i will miss you too much :(
That's shocking!
Why can't people just live &amp; let live?
Sometimes I despair of this world! :(
Hope you're OK.
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
bc were still hoping :(
Why the hell insta is not working :((
when will you notice me :(
I miss Chris ' voice :(
hi, may i request a promo code pls? Tried using iwantin but got rejected just now :(
:( then pls don't think you're not good enough ^__________^ let him be. if he's missing this chance then it is his fault
omfg harry pls bae :( don't ignore me
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Goodluck to your pocket And I'm moving next week :(
and a month since i saw them :(
I am really sorry you received the wrong order :( We would like to sort this out straight away. Can you email
Photo: benedictervention: This is what happens to the contents of 221B between seasons :( Youd think...
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Feel like movies and popcorn today at the cinemas.... But no one to go with :(
Sleeping alone is terrible :(
Hey! Take care of yourself. :( :*
joyce,calm down :((
oops I meant those tiny chat days oooops :-(
Spotify finally figured out that I'm not in the US and won't let me listen anymore :(
i have to go :(
:( I can't. My parents are here na and my plans don't usually work out when they're here huhu. But I could try to make paalam
I'm not being mean :( your my sazballs
they've been cuting it after his pants incident :(
school starts pretty soon :(
why are so many things happening tomorrow aaaahh :(( wanna gooooo
No stomach's already growling :(
Shaved my hair.. i feel like I gotta shave my beard a bit now :( nooooope.
Omg happy late birthday I'm so sorry I missed it :( love you though hope you had a lot of fun
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
ding ding ding! a hundred points for u :(((
Hi Meg. Just sent you an email about Verity's performances being cancelled this weekend. :( Rupert
amin :(
Weekend = Work + Studying :((
Retweet this pleaaase :(((
Woaah Chris Brown :(((
sorry solvo ;-;
dont mean 2 :(((
you're gonna be such a good father :(
:( it would it really would
no way I missed it too :(
i'm still finishing my work, dad. : (
I need a twin :(
No baby no :(
just want some new stuff :( me and used to love Friday's for Xur been months of no excitement now :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
When you step on a lego barefooted. :(
That time Twelvyy got rude :(
I need to sleep cuz another meeting at work in the morning :-(
just have to hope and pray he's in good hands I'm far from being able to see him and I can't call him with :(
Hello! ... :(
Good news on the Boaz Myhill front but not on takeover news :-( #wba
anyone has the pic of taeyeon's derp in channel snsd hahahaha pd didn't zoom into hers :((( LMAO SUNNY's. BESST.
blood and plague pits :(
Ok rich kid, I give up :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
And ignore my video game posts :(
yes that's a scary sight seeing frail people in cars. It's a lottery riding near those people, I always hold my breath :(
okay :(
twurkin is razzist!!!!!!!!!!1!! blocks and reports u and writes a tumblr post about u :(
MIGHT? :-(
KIK me guys - shek609 #kik #kikgirl #hot #likeforlike #horny #goodmusic #mugshot :(
I want to attend ur birthday plssssssssssssssss :(
So Taissa Farmiga and Emma Roberts aren't in this season of AHS ? :(
sorry :(((
So gutted can't get to Liverpool tonight to see on his final tour night gutted isn't the word :(
he always does this when his hair is getting long :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Fever :(((
YEAH HE DID BC AT THE END HE RUN BACK TO HIS PLACE HAHAHA I DIDNT SAW THEM LAUGHING THO BC LOW QUALITY :(
Hi Danielle, oh no :( Do you have the latest software installed? Have you tried doing a back up and restore?
Why momo, why? :(
why you unfollow me? :(
like pharma, sugar....almost immovable :(
why is got7's outfit for music bank so messy? :( the colour could have been better
thank you anshe :( idk i just can't bring myself to get it off my mind but thank you;;
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Watching guys total their F1 cars makes me sad:( watching billions of rands get fucked :(
im bein so serious its sad....lol
go tla tweng? Ive got shit genes :(
Shut fuck up.Come here right now &gt;:(
me too :(
#SandraBland May Your Soul Rest In Peace. Our Thoughts and Prayers Are With her Family! :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I can't believe that I got home, to find out that my brother is in jail, &amp; is getting sent to county tomorrow like wtf! This isn't fair :(
Me please i love she :(
is this better or should i just change it back omg :(
AHH WHY HE NO CHANGE IT SOUNDS COOLER :(( LMAO YES 2 MINHYUKS
Cause I want those nails :(
Man they told me to buy gold all the way down from 1900.. and now they tell me to sell :( ?
so tired sis we wait Yu nas hz :(
Lucky :(
I only have 1 though!! :(
is he crying or something ?? His nose is red ! :(
what usually happens :(
OMG selena tweets while i was busy out :(
saturday classes :( fuck
I love you much more I swear emta hatigii b2aa :(((((
I wanna go see Paper Towns :(
enjoy these treats while young :(
Yayyyy!!! I hope it's not while I am knocked out by anesthesia. I will be so sad if I miss it :(
If anybody around Penrith/Emu Plains sees her (she's giant and hard to miss) please let me know
Very important :(
like.... just put it at one side... or tell the staff... She still like slotted it in to make it look untouched :(
I WANT APINK TO WIN :( # #
brienne meeting lsh im so :(
:-( I'm up w no one to talk to. Bye
he's always gunna be a former Leeds manager :(
Darn :(
why didnt u :(
that's what im thinking too tbh :((
May ALLAH save us from Pakistan`s Juudiciary :(
so sad to be leaving, Tim Horton's is better than Dunkin :(((
Vidcon :(((((((((
:( well let me know on the day if after work you feel like socialising and I will make time for you!
I wish I had Cara Delevingne's face :-(
My biggest fear is getting some drugs laced with something and flipping the fuck out :(
Easier said than done :(
Yes so far. Been nightmare to sort out. No Will. :( But light end of tunnel now fank Dog. xxx
Omg wtf people from apb got there schedule already?? I wish they did that for us :(
phone fell out of my hand and it woke me up :(
i love u :-(
takfaham. :(
look nothing I'm just bored :(
this bird just had to shit on me :(
:(( but I want to get at least a little bit older so I can do stuff XD
Ufffff Sr Dard :( drinking green tea
awwww KATEKYN :( I wish you could get it back
ehh?? i dont think line supports that :((
yeahhh :( .. It means have "hacharatt "
NIALL NIWLL NIALL NIALL :((((((
New kit is not looking good.... Poor.:(
not u i love u :(
Aw :-( Depends how you define success! Good music is success (2 me), so I'd say you're successful! | How are you?
me too :(
it's been a month tomorrow since luke followed me :(
Witnessed ! #family #trip to #goa :(
they don't know how to make linis kasi :((( so sad. that's why im sweating kanina and it's so init pa huhu
my brothers do that, I gets pissed off :(
Awww really miss RHD celebration :(
Their 1st week digital point is decent. And so does their physical album point :((( wae
Gonna miss the subsidized lunches :(
i would never be! I understand though. Just a bummer i still won't be able to meet you. :( :( :( :(
Gutted that the 20th anniversary shows next year clash with :(
youngjae is getting more handsome im :(((
No specific dates, just whenever we catch each other :(
DUDE :-( DM me it I swear I won't add her
Tbh, bestfriend breakups are even worse than relationship breakups. :(
harumph it's all soggy here :( was hoping to go do some more weeding
And I'm moving next week :(
it's raining her today, boo :(
"We're sorry, but Google Play Music is currently experiencing errors. Please try again in a few minutes."
Im so hurt Selena was the best :(
the only thing i miss about Ireland is the cheese :(
I forgot to bring some of my #kitkat green teas and sakura flavour chokkie :(
says it's unavailable. :-(
Sorry!!! :(
I was going to pick you up earlier w/ richard but I forget you went to a gay club :(
I actually typed this at 11:11 then my laptop took forever to tweet :((
why does it hurt so bad :((
I MISS them so much :(
Going to sleep alone :(
huhu i know :-( thanks before satya! xx
My Aditya, mommy miss u sooo much :( .
is this on ur computer? mine did it too :(
wanna go to singapore :(
I WANT :(((
take me back pls :(
THERES THIS VIBRATING NOISE THAT WOKE ME UP ANS I KEEP HEARING IT AND ITS MAKING ME SAD CUS IM SO TIRED :((
Sorry :(
So many people are dying while returning to Dhaka after celebrating Eid. :(
Guess traffic jam is in fact a...
Haha, aw :( Sucks to be you! I shall be there in spirit keeping you warm &amp; cheering for you?
How do we get our free Cornettos? We can't figure it out :-( x
nosebleed :(
I had a scary dream &amp; now I can't go back to sleep :-((((
But T. ______ is mad of us. I think. :( :(
I want his game!!! But the last Nintendo I bought was a wii :(
I think I should stop getting so angry over stupid shit :(
Wew ramos on the ground :(
i love got7's outfit for just right &gt;:( its so fun
I'm a fan of hair since I don't have any :(
I don't sleep enough :(
Hi. Sorry, I already have a Shawn Mendes sponsor :(
-cont- I have LINE :l same, I just online to reply mention and just watching tl x) sorry for late reply :(
Today Is a horrible day :( so dark and dinghy :'(
Hi Skye! I'm sorry to hear this! :( Can you DM which store this is please and a name/description of the colleague please? (1)
Why cant i see ur album? :(
Evening :(((
Gagal total :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
I miss being a kid :-(
someone txt me :(
i want to play sims 4 :(
Noooot tired :(
Aww. :( I liked Notch too.
thts depressing :-(((
Sucks everyones knocked :(
I'm starving :(
Only a fuck day
Me too :(
mum woke me up to help with shopping now I'm awake and tired :(
why are they all busy :(
:-( Madrid playing in pyjamas today"
dat suks i want my old sleeping schedule back :(
Ugh, I think I'm getting sick. :(
i can't able to view pics da.. :( wat pic is this?
How are Swifties outside of U.S. supposed to vote? :( Really really really want to help you win!
sorna :((((
Just texted you, I am dying of lurgy, Jim! :(
i love the grey kit but i can't afford 3 kits :(
I went in to see them and apparently used about 6Gb extra of data :(
I've always wanted to see Two Door Cinema Club live :(
Now You Scaring Me :( #Fenestoscope
did I not? Ah what a shame that is. Why am I not a shuffle queen like you :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
everything was so much easier back then :(
I'm not surprised! :(((
hope bb can get some proper rest soon :(((
Etienne is making me sad :(
sometimes i wanted to be with myself.... :(
Can i cry for real coz the bandana s so cute to match for my dress.:((
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Look how many people still think the more a woman has sex, the bigger her vagina. Sigh :(
:( u didnt wish suriya anna....
Follow me :(
you said I was a man, I don't have dangling bits :(
I was just thinking mjhe aaj tak kisi ne DM ni kiya :(
what's wrong?? :(
what happened to your eyesight? :(
I don't know how to start my requirements :(
what about Leeds? I wanna see you live again :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
I have 25 :( 25x30 ?
Hi everyone..
Good afteNoon
feeling Booooore :( :(
I got sleep medicine, but imma be out till 7 pm tomorrow if i take it now :(((
Why is it that I always wake up around 3 and can't fall back asleep :(
uuu you make me hungry :( haha enjoy your meal~
11:11 a boyfriend :(
no ma you are! :(
i wish i had the money to fly and see your concerts! :(
#FreebieFriday fingers crossed had to cut down food shop cos unexpected garage bill this week :(
"I know you said this is Michael Jackson, but this is obviously a little boy" - my little brother while listening to a Jackson 5 song :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
nein. :(
gyu looks really good in denim :(
Still on the outside looking in at all fun going on with ... somebody please code me up :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Ce say GWS for me pleaseee ??? :(
good night :(
Nice whilst it lasted :( #AFLBluesHawks
hi, I could not find any other way to contact Apple. Shuffle doesn't work at all, it only plays one song. :(
so wtf should I do today ?.....:((((
welcome to my version of twitter hell :((
I can't stop watching Greys anatomy :(
Sorry, not sorry :(
No1 online :(
why does she look so :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
i love morisette's voice af :(
how tf do i get photoshop and flash non-trial version :((((
This is awful :( #SayHerName #SandraBland
hey I've received my lootcrate today and the box was damaged and has damaged some of the items inside :( what can I do about it?
So hard to pick just one. The Inca Trail was tough but fair, sandboarding was fun but lost my iPhone :(
So, so, SO much :( Especially if a TV network cancels it before it's time :'(
"NO ICE CREAM AVAILABLE" what a surprise.... #leeds :(
all while you and I cried into our Derby County and Leeds United coffee mugs -- unable to share our hate of Man U. :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
yeah true but I fucked up one of my signature dishes last night! Unfamiliar kitchen :(
He hates me now, that's for sure. :(((
bad news but nothing new wait for the coldest weekend and have load shedding :(
it was the 10 year old's cat and his first loss of a pet too :(
Thanks - can someone maybe look at case 1451834461 fast - I totally fucked up and its mad expensive :(
thirdwheeling these lovebirds :(
crying again for the nth time today :( kinda tired tho hay what am I gonna do with my life
:( Dark Horse is better IMO sorry not sorry
DONT CRY BABY
TALK TO ME :(
me too :(
what do you mean :(
still a lot of tweets to delete by hand... :(
Dude, I won't even go watch it :(
i feel like that shirt is
familiar
? :(
The truth is, if I could be with anyone, I would still choose you. &gt;:(
same :(
Ahhhhh last 2 stages to go :(((
that was the account that got hacked :(
realising that I never received my copies of #Sensiesha :(
Trying not to think about returning from Spain and leaving our eldest behind. She's already had one cry about it :(
i miss netball :((
Omg how u know............. HAHA keedz la its gonna be a long time before i party again :(((
please?
If its okay tho.
Its just sooooooooo soooo hard to get a follow from him :(
I MISS TAYBIGAIL :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
feelings suck guys :-(
nah i only have 1 no more jordans :( no more tournaments :( im goin ps4
can't kinks my chargers fucked up :-(
no he kept looking at my bag :(
20 losing streak... sad (:-(
Mine too! :(
WERE NOT READY FOR SCORCH SRSKY :( much more for tdc
need rest badly :-(
i miss them :(
Cant believe &amp; are finally in Egypt and i still wont be able to meet them :( #Gutted
I'm really sorry :(
Height of In-sensitiveness.....ridiculous...:(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Struggling like crazy to get into a race fan mode. My head wants to, but my heart is just not cooperating at all. :(
I will never fix my sleeping schedule before school starts :(
hate to see you sad :( x
Come on I want #UberIceCream. :((
congrats! Yay! Why didn't you invite me :(
Don't even talk to me about computers. I'm having a data conversion done and it's all gone wrong. Crying :(
Donna Thurston Collins we saw him today, he was the only dog sitting quietly in the kennel :( 911 NEEDS OUT...
Schools so shit rn!:(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
why you only got half :(((
Want pluckerssss :(
what's mean? I don't understand nothing :(
My KIK - gion886 #kik #kikhorny #teens #talk #nsfw #kidschoiceawards2015 #hotfmnoaidilforariana :(
I recorded ming and PBR giving me a shoutout on periscope but uts not letting me upload :( i'll try why i get home
i miss you more lil shawty :((
I can't tomorrow. Naw :(( just eat my share. Huhu
Sterling's gonna be so good at City :(
MY kik - abligaverins7 #kik #hornykik #photooftheday #kikchat #likeforlike #indiemusic #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :(
apparently 9muses' performance was cut today &gt;:(
hrryok: the fact that harry still hold his moms hand :( :( :(
I need a massage :( ASAP
I want to be friends with them and go to concerts :(((
Can't keep up :(
yup, same.. I thought it was going to be on sale at 8 am, and it wnt on sale at 9:30 I bought it at 9:48... :(
9/11 kinda ruined it for me. The sound makes me brace myself for hearing the plane crash every time. No bueno. :(
have you checked with the receptionist, our surgery tell us to check after 20 mins,you may have been forgotten :(
SICK :(
cheer up ella :(
I have that feeling in my nose when you're in the pool and all the water goes up it :(
9) shopping will be like fries without ketchup. Tasteless :(
#WSaleLove
deantd :-( #justgotkanekified
ah thanks babes #notgonnabeactivefor2weeksdontmissittoomuch :(
Think I'm going to have some sort of breakdown! 2013 Disney Vlog has been taken down again! :-( it's my favourite one! :-(
This gives me the chills :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
:( no swimming with turtles for me
you know :(
CNN are running with a strapline "Are Movie Theatres Safe"...? Yes because that's where the problem lies :-( #Guncontrol #Lafayette
HAHAHA i support them but this song alot ppl say not good so :((( INFINITE VS WHO AH
i got stung by a wasp im crying so hard the tweak keeps getting bigger ive never been stung by one before i hope im not allergic to it :(
so tht's what i've been doing wrong :(
a powerpoint presentation with expectations before, during and after diner is no-no either?
Not fun, no :( Will try to find somewhere to nap on lunch hour
hinde :((
how worse ? :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
ticket da expire :(
yes.. could you link me the YT u are using? :(
Why am I not tierd :(
but but out of all the days, same day pa :( your company is mean jk
oh my my friend of 8 years is helping me :(
I miss my circuit training during my secondary school days :(
i just wanna sleeeeep :(
*joins the hugs* I'm sorry to hear Sodders :(
thanks for the feedback. Here I was thinking that perhaps Mobitel may be better off, heck, guess not :(
that's not good :-(
But you know I do na... :( We can negotiate the Bride Price Advance Payment
Colin, my PS4 is dying!? :( where can I find playstation support, without being charged money to call? Any help much appreciated
:((((( don't b rude
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
how long till Internet will go on? Was late in paying my bill and this exp waste is killing me :(
Unfortunately, yes :( why?
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
:( I was like OMG when I saw what I misspelt
Real life always gets in the way :(
She's so nice :((
:( true
i wan t a boyfriend :-((((
hyungwon was so beautiful just now!!!!!!!! :(
I totally slept through my alarms so now I can't go to the gym :(
:( I hope you have an easy day at work today
IM HOPING :((
What a painful way to die :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Trying to get an ice cream in leeds but it keeps cancelling on me :( #NeedIceCreamNow #UberIceCream
flight is on August 6 na :(
shakes my head repeatedly. nu-uh, jace, i love you the mostest! &gt; : (
Congratulation :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
ph vips next week na :((((
awwww oh nein :(
babe?:(
Something sad/bad always happens to me around this time and day every year :(
urgh i know :(
Wet holiday Friday :( Console yourself in our cafe with Sophie Grigson's amazing carrot cake!
Sometimes I hate it when my heart wants something &gt;:-(
It's getting light outside and I'm up :( I probably have like 3 hours of sleep D: I don't feel well rn and I have painful sunburn. UGHH
I wonder if when I dropped my phone last time it damaged my WiFi cause I can't enable anymore and I have the otter protection case too :(
Argh I feel sick wish I didn't come to work :(
FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND
PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :(
Dang it! :( Pon thought the time had finally come! OTL
Sleepovers with Jesse are awesome until he has to go to work at 5:30 in the morning :( bebe come back
i can't post any message again :(
omg same :( FABINA was BAE. It was my OTP before IK what OTP meant
I love blue eyes :(
send as some sunshine!!!! Is raining so much :(((((
Gardening is not part of a barrista's job description. Poor plant :(
Has a poorly pup :(
Great marketing campaign from - shame all the drivers are busy :( #UberIceCream
have a good trip. You won't need your brolly there... :-(
Is this love? :(
sorry bt mere pass link nhi hai :(
i got hacked. I'm sorry! :(
Well apparently, its post graduate students only, so i still dey go serve :(
Gonna miss BTOB. :(
other side of the world from all my people :(
Di private. Gagal kepo :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
Bitin :(
i want pretzels now :( #bb17 #bblf
I love you so much :(
oh :( lol how it is? XD
yes my dear! I will surely fuckin' miss ya :(
PERF :(
you didn't get your vanilla latte though :(
Hi Skulker, check this thread: PG279Q isnt coming anything soon sadly :(
there once was a place ..then it closed :(
oh my gosh traffic :(( I'm hungrrrryyy!!
Someone sc me :(
I want :(
but I have no find my iPhone app or iCloud app on my iPod touch so how can I see its location :-(
I can't go to hallyu on sunday :((((( so sad
I miss that show :(
buuuut i want it :((((
funny thing is someone said I was telling his life story :(
Naw I'm really scared he gone think I'm crazy. I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight :(
So no free #ber ice cream for The Big Gay Al today. I didn't really want any anyway :( The Big Gay
okie :(
Friday!!!! But I have work til 8pm :( there is champagne haha
harlo i miss my boyfriend so much :-(((
#torrentialrain today :-(
A9) It would be a sad world for women ! :(
#WSaleLove
Lloyds r assholes there was clearly no one doing anything n now I have to wait till Tuesday :(
Aww man, I miss dancing. :(
Wonderful news! Best of luck with it x. Shame I'll again have to miss it :(.
baby u tweet some fan during i sleeping i'm so sad :((
I knowwww my runny nose isn't letting me sleep :(
sehun seems so skinny these days :(((
Big mistake not to bring a sweater this morning :(
Yes youre right..and its sad that so many intolerant scared xenophobes are out there :-(
what? :(
everyone makes mistakes ok :(((
me too wtfff :(( i miss manchester and the mean bus driver
So lonely that sometimes i call my own number to get a busy tone. ;_; :(
Why have a no been paid ?? :((((
oh no !! It wasnt a lunch talk? I thought it started at 1pm :(
then it might be hard to get into Final Fantasy then cause the newer ones are pish in comparison :( get the remastered 10 for ps4
i keep changing between fe14 icons i dont know which one to pick &gt;:(
. yeah doesnt appear to be working. But I want a free cornetto :( (not a strawberry one, theyre a fake cornetto)
"What happened?" "We just stopped talking" :(
I did :-(
please bring me back :(
Sorry :-(. Hope it gets better
Things that I regret until now...when we loose you.. :'( :( and missing you everyday our my lives!! #KapatidKongPogi
i've been friends with steph and mel for the longest time im actually so sad i havent met them yet :(( i just want to hug them
Where is carmen :((((((((((
truck was a week ago :((
Unable to login for the last 4 hours, no response from support team either Support Case 00128835, having a bad day! :(
I want Wingstop :-((
LOOOL :( help
I want to go on holiday damn it. Why must these days drag!? &gt;:(
i've been streaming for hours, but the view didn't even budge, i'm stress! :(
i never knew my cousin and i share the same love for 1d :((((((
Fuq ilhoon always ganteng :(
they can't open the door so hard, I didn't notice that I already started a song on love live and I failed :-((
Wish I was going to Leeds festival. Need to see Simple Plan :( it's been too long!
I'm hungry and i cant make food since my brother is sleeping in the living room &gt;:(
no ice cream for me :-( #getthescoop
MY kik : hearess677 #kik #kikhorny #hornykik #babe #chat #countrymusic #txt_shot :(
why is everybody unfollowing me stop :(((
why the stream said standby only even Inatall the zenmate? :(
:( Be careful...namechecking them brings them like a dog whistle with or without the #
junmyeon looks so d*ddy here :( LOOK
sorry busy arini je tak busy :(
and another hour goes by :((
I'm not a very bright man. :(
would be fair to say that the privilege club is a joke . It doesn't matter what you ask for nothing ever available :-(
I wish I could speak Igbo :(
#BlameHoney for leaving the WHHR :(
I was just replying to Juan :(
My cat loves to snuggle up right by my face &amp; I love it but can never breathe :(
same :( working late tonight as well :( x
ma come :-(
Trying to stay up to watch this game is not working for me :(
3 weeks left for internship and 4 weeks left before going back to the States :(
Baby :(
Normally don't get data usage warning til end month, but got it today - so no more tweeting or :-(
i tried. Didn't work :(
I had a dream i went to college and failed as an animator :( :( :(:'(
we're not sure :( might have to wait :( but he wants to move asap!
I wish I could drive. I'm good at it. Stupid vertigo and panic attacks makes dual carriageway driving impossible tho :(
miss her so much :(
#AraGalang08
the movie was different from the book but still!!! ikr tams boses pa lang ni theo ugh :( miss you more!!!
My mobile isn't working anymoreeeeee :((((
oh no :-( that's rubbish.
I still want a cactus :(
OMG IM SOOO SORRRY :((
I've had stomach and part of bowel removed because this nasty disease I have now been told I have tumour in kidneys :(
Waited for nothing :-(((((((((((
wifi is fast af at my school even faster than at home :((
Very sad! :(
not feeling well :(
I have puffy eyelids :(
I can't wait &lt;3 :(
musicas :(((((((((((
baby looks so good in black :((
I want to get into Dota but fuck me it's just not for me :(
4am right near the campsites no less - not great with kids :(( Why is it not on the total other side?
sooooo tired but I can't sleep :(((
Wish I could give some to you. I really do. But I cant :(
Sorry miah hahays. :(
I want a churro popcorn and ice cream now :( I'm so hungry
didn't bring key :(
FOLLOW BACK ME, THANKS
PLEASE :(
that sucks :(
I just can't sleep tonight :( Tomorrow is going to suck. Bright side... 6 more days and I'm back in Montana!
:(( okay!!x
Reign of errors example inflation rate sic :(
- all ice cream vehicles are busy :-( #UberIceCream
I need to reset my phone :(
Smh I know :(
Add my SNAPCHAT : EntlerBountly #snapchat #snapchat #tinder #dirtykik #followback #countrymusic #sexcam :(
I'm keeping the bug spray industry in business . Something bit my foot, swollen half way up my leg now :(
I didn't see you today :( but it's fine. The distance makes me want you more.
that's not fair, it happened to me :(
Oh no :( sorry to hear you're having issues with your signal Jojo. If you pop over the full postcode where this is happening,
Someone please gift me #NotAnApology :(
Hey hun! Unfortunately we would really have needed a model for a cut :( Thanks so much though! &lt;3 xxx
Kafi din Bad mene aj koi post share ki he so friends like &amp; rewert to bunta he Warnaaaaaaa...........:(
this is torture :(
I tried to get in a field of goats jumped a wall and the drop was very low :(
#Iran #IranDeal :-( The US-Iran nuclear deal: MIT's experts size it up: This deal severely li... #UniteBlue #Tcot
can't get them anywhere now. :-(
Sorry God. :(
S2E12 is probably that saddest ive ever felt for rumpy :-(
WHY DADDY WHY YOU CHANGE THE CHANNEL :(
I literally just ate a whole gallon of ice cream, idk if I should be proud or nah :(!
- Ryan
Ah ma guy. You know the thing. the weather is set for more sleep but responsibilities. :-("
secret! :(
you're coming to Dallas dandia right :(
As RBI in making of caged parrot.
1ly election commission, CAG r left, once d power is striped gujarat model will complete
Very sad :(
I'm not looking forward to ours, mine goes next year at 3 :(
I HAVE THE SAME KIND OF EYES SO ARE MY TEARS YOUR SAME TEARS? BUT IT'S HARD NOT TO CARE :( ILY.MELANIE
aww :( what do you do?
LOL unlike me :("
Pure talent!! :( Always will be a fan of DeepXcape. Brothers are so talented!!! "
doin ok? :(
I want to go but I cannot. :(
i cant go to sleep :-(
it's 5:08 am :-((
I cant, thesis :(
Miss u :-(
sadly must be :(
agreed :(
like a boy when it's up like that' and he laughed and then we hugged and I said bye and :(((((( I love him
please beliebers stop voting on twitter! it doesn't count :(
u have to vote here n refresh it
Come on #UberIceCream... where are all the cars :( #London #summer
SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :(
we'll never be as young as we are now...
AS YOUNG AS WE ARE NOW :(((((
i wish it was london :( gonna stay at the airport for a bit and then go into the city
Gtg again :(((
HAHAHA apink this song wont win la i think...... :( Unless they promote longer compete w those not vv good to ppl one.
disgusting isn't it :(! I wish people had more respect for each other
Ps in NYS opt-outed due to CC$$, VAM, and unfair testing of SpecEd and ELLs. Article completely misses this. :(
gutted you're one of the few people I won't be able to finally meet :(
Add me on Snapchat - sexyamelie20 #snapchat #kikhorny #likeforfollow #kikmeboys #likeforfollow #newmusic #hornykik :(
that sounds cool!! Bet it doesn't float though :(
but it's so gross :(
turtle net !!!! :-(((
fineandyu takes such gd pics its like she's trying to hurt me :-(
No...not in your face enough for that...just couldn't face him in the flesh. Know its daft..but couldn't cope with it! :-(
she's so cute :(
i want one too bit noone knows me on twitter so :(((
I had three dreams last night and the one I don't want to remember I do and the two I want to remember I don't :(
wednesday needs to hurry :-(
SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :(
My last though :(
thats me omg imsorry :(
aku chelsea koe eMyU, can you see that i miss you :(
i pOPPED CONFETTI THOUGH ! ! : (
Sams sister and her bf :-(
please release a new album :(
good dong by?:(
sini dipoppo
came up on my time hop :( #bestweekend
I'm not certain unfortunately :( I'm okay-ish with HTML, but I'd quite like a better language to work with. I have a C++ course
taken :(
I didn't made it again. :(
I miss Geneva so much! England aint got half the sun :(
same :(
I barely use twitter :( how are you?
miss u :(
KIK me guys : patml482 #kik #kikmenow #kikmeboys #likeforlike #orgasm #nakamaforever #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :(
:( I went to bed way too late
GUYS add my KIK : abouty797 #kik #kiksex #interracial #tagsforlikes #kikme #travel #kikmenow :(
I wish :(
More money more money :-(
same deal here. the man at the airport laughed at me when he asked me age and asked 'reaally?' :(
TIRED :(
unlike me :(
Spent the whole day watching videos of #AlDub over and over again. Ang cute nila! :( I ship.
What is the point of a smart meter if it displays the wrong information? Latest email sent 2nd July has just gone unanswered :(
i really can't fall back asleep :(
:(((((((((( so sad
Bri is falling asleep :(
its raining and cold :(
I'm tryna save my money but magcon merch keeps making new shit :((((((
you right...the sinuend is kak. Not working :(
laper :(
RAGE QUIT!!! :(
yeah... :(
:( so sad for us. We're losers
Mom, what are u doing in the hospital? You're okay? :(
Its been raining all morning :(
Weird guess? Idk. :(
lmfao i dont know :(
brendon urie's suit game :((
but i'm waiting for sumer repackage :'D so i have no money to buy this :(
sorry Matthew :( &lt;3
I want Yongbe green suede supreme hat :(
Used to be so skinny :(
Hey can I maybe get a picture with you after the warm-up? You were gone at the signing session when we arrived :(
hay baby im up and i miss you to baby :(
:( maybe ill surprise you and be brill
you're probably right... :(
thats 120 wings :(
It's because too broke for the bomb weave I want. :(
spending my friday night without :(
#WSaleLove
ans 9: Depressing it would be :(
I wish Alex was here so he could rub my belly till I fell asleep :(
:( sorry for your loss may Allah give her jannatul ferdous
Head is killing me today :(
:( Ami Ekta Kharap Manush..!! :( thinking about old memories at Crazy Mart
gua cans dong :(
My phones broke and im missing out on Khloe's ass on Kylies snapchat and it's making me sad :(
nhe Yar :(
I won't let that happen in real life. :(
I just woke up and missed everything :-((
sorry minkyuk I'm a slow af : (
omg you're so mean, he's fine :(
I forget every year why the summer hols are so hard.... I spend days &amp; days never really having conversations with grown ups :( #isolated
I don't like this at all :(
what happen to the HK weather sensor ? It has been broker for weeks :(
This rain needs to go away :(
:( I wna go to church
I just wanna see her face again, I miss her so much :( in 2 years hopefully
Hello my name is FlaviAna. :(
chickmt123: #letsFootball #atk greymind43: BREAKING NEWS: Chris Gayle says he will be out of cricket for 2-3 months due to back surgery. :(
sudden mood-dump :(
I wanted to watch the livestream on my ipod but it wouldn't load so on computer now :(
come over again :(
soo I have gotten my phone taken away and I'm currently sneaking on my mums phone, so I'm gonna be inactive for about a week :(
I MISS TOM FELTON :(
:( Unfortunately due to illness Verity Standen's performances have been cancelled. We will be in touch with those who have booked shortly.
new favorite editing app. jk someone pls translate this :(
But I can't see the difference between black and red ink... :(
i see ur bio u don't break my heart actually :(
I want takoyaki :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
i pity aisyah very much :(((((
wait where the fuck is my ffvi &gt;:( ugh
Updated my latest episode on Youtube due to my 1st song choice :( There should be no problems viewing from ur phone /youtu.be/2_gPcTSojKw
I ALSO WANT :( Craving fr donutsss
one of the little 50p cheese pizzas! I grated some more cheese on top so all is well but that one was looking a little sparse :(
I can't listen to your new album on youtube because it's blocked in my country :(
I'm coughing. :(
dd leave lagi?:(
Yes..Cant see rider.:(
I always miss something when I have no wifi :(
This rain :(
I'm working next Saturday and im well gutted because I wanted to go to pride :(:(
nope!! :( hueeeee
Wrong password/recall thingy not working is the prob :-(
Hi George, I can't see that we sell this I'm afraid :( Sorry about that! Thanks, Beth
I was chewing my toy and Stella came over and went for me. lots of noise and teeth and mum yelled at her and threw her out of room :(
Woke up from a bad dream. Grabe. :(
Rejected! :(( #TheAccidentalCouple ep. 15
:(((( always.
Not a smooth handover :(
srsly i order it all the time :-(
no im on a 24 hour sleep on sunday :( xx
same :-(
hello i am spick and I find this offense :(((((((
I know bebii I know :(
Oh my, what's happenend? We don't want to lose you. :-( *DR
ffs didn't even know :(
What time?
i like lip balms but i don't like to be compared to those! hmph :-(
More sick Mumma, sick Bubba cuddles :( Cuddling on the floor to the footy and she falls asleep.
Aw Georgie I bet :( you'll be back soon!! This last month will fly by
LOOOL OI :( Bengalis in general are insecure it'll work do it
Some girls will say "that means you wanted my man while I was with him" but you didn't even know her or him back then :(
any masterchef updates?? i left my phone at my cousins :( how was uni? whatchya doin? huh? huh? huh? &lt;3
everything okay? :( x
#WSaleLove Ocean without water, Vehicles without petrol n diesel , n me with my empty wardrobe :(
Its 5am &amp; I haven't slept :(
I miss Vegas :-(
:((((( it could snap my head off
awe too bad :((
capcom cock teasing us. I need this beta :(
Sometimes just sometimes I drown half a bottle of Nyquil down my throat just for it to have no effect on me :(
Poooootek I really need 1,500 :( hahaha
OH MY GOD WHY DO I KNOW THIS JUST NOW :(((((((
wow hate u :( imy
bobble is leaking &amp; it was a gift I have no idea where to return it, its the thermos model :-(
Don't know about others but i am gonna miss classic duo of and during TI5 casting streams :(
don't ignore me please :( it was my birthday on the 12th of July, could you follow me now as a present?
wanna skate but it's raining :(
twitter said :((( but u followed me
Omg no it's really detailed I gotta get to the Tae one :(((
it is so confusing tho :(
i hope so miss na kita crys why so ia :(
#PKwalaSawaal when will India become a developed nation :( ?
I have an external hard drive from you that has become corrupted and I can't access anything.Surely I can get info off? :(
Last 4 day week before October 2nd. :(
ohh so sad :(
so they didn't win on their 2nd stage of mubank? :(
Waking up........... :(
they're not. : ( except for those two who kill people ene
but i want them to win today :(
shame it's like 3k :(
Zehr khany ka time is coming soon.....: (
hey i miss him too :(
i wish :(
Same Mommy :(
I missed half of Music Bank bc grocery shopping :( but the good thing is: I finally have hubba bubba bubble gum again &lt;3
yeahh!! They're actually on the floor in my closet, but I'm pretty sure they're high waters now :((( I was so ugly back then
this time jhalak is very boring. .. The concept is bakwas. .. old concept was much better and interesting. ... :-(:-(:-(
WITHOUT ME :(
i miss seehiah :(( omggg
I need mine done goys :(
lol. Well I can't buy those nachos then :(
The most embarrassing moment when you shared your secrets with a wrong one :(
Mm what a lovely day... :(
Sorry for the stream ending im just tired and I some how ended the game which if you didnt know on PlayStation ends the broadcast :(
Still going to braid this hair again, after all the damage that the initial braids did. :( Ruth :(
boong/?:((
rejected :-(
Im almost at the end of my Far Cry 4 journey :( any similar game recommendations? If you say COD or GTA I will cut you and your bitch
:((((((( this is so sad i cwnt help it
I have no more lives in Trivia Crack :(
Weather is awful today which means being stuck in :(
belated birthday wishes to you (can't believe I missed it - mind, I miss all bdays, inc my own!!!). Bad about phone :-(
DON'T. PLAY. WITH. MY. FEELINGS :(
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
i miss them already :(
i miss 5sos so much i cant deal with waiting possibly a year before i see them again :(
#Rohingya #Muslims 72 indicted on human trafficking charges in Thailand - Asia - Around t... #SaveTheRohingya :-(
:( *hugs*
I'll say rumble in da kumble BC that's all I know :(((
my mum decides to walk in and scold me for not cleaning my room just as i sat down and chilled :(
and it was phrased in such a "why would you do this to her" kind of way too :(
But when i do gigs that include them..i have to tag them :(
Make it hurry.... I am melting just taking a quick store run :(
TFW no boyfriend :( (lol I jest) cooking relaxes me. I'm sure I'll eat it for lunch tomorrow.
Grumpy me all day today as on night shift tonight :(
I offended myself :(((
I have #SleepingWithSirens tickets Oct 17th in Ok #BRINGMETHEHORIZON new tour and is playing Dallas the 18th I've seen them 2 times but :(
probably :((
Right right?? :( We will always have good memories I guess.
Carva :(
#louisiana cinema shooting: Why do mass shootings happen so regularly in US? Sympathis to victims' families :(
Finally got down to finishing the long story... But as expected of me, I failed to work at the revamps in the end... :(
My SNAPCHAT - AbbyMill18 #snapchat #snapchatme #wet #sex #sexy #indiemusic #hotels :(
allow all these mosquito bites :(
Why can't I be better already :(((
Forgot my headphones. Shit up a cunt :(
Now I have to listen to everyone in this room breathing.
yeah!!! :( It's okay, I'll see you again this time next year
I was listening on radio :-( no worries wacha niende online.
I seem to have burned everything apart from the tea this morning. Bravo Friday to you too, Richard. :-(
Dear last night we waited 2hrs 13m for a pizza. By the time it arrived it was cold &amp; too late to eat. Very disappointed :(
really? Not on the 18th?? Kk i'm still not ready for school! :(
Why do i miss this :-(
me too :(
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE GIFT ME #CalibraksaEP BECAUSE I DONT HAVE ANY MONEY LEFT :(
sorry darlin, i'm sorry :(
:( I did that once and I got grounded BC they think if I do that I sneak people in
everyone is so stunning......... :-(
Oh, that doedn't sound good at all. :-(
i have a feeling that infinite won't win today :(
I don't get paid! :( But I'm open for any kind of offers!
All guys want from me is dick pics and all I want is to have a meaningful conversation about things we have in common :(((
I just wanna go to your house rn and give you a big big hug. :(((
Oh how horrific :(
me too :(
scoups :-(((( bakit scoups :----((((((
I thought I was mad at my bank and PayPal yesterday, but they both royally fucked up and now I'm screwed. :(
I know right D: It's hard to believe :(
its not my fault sweedy :(
so fucking tired and i have to drive home :(
I just want to get paid already :(
I don't know what happened :(
Nams is just enjoying man :(
:(( ill just make another one
Miss my boyfriend :(
sorry pooo :(
Nobodies up with me now, I'm sad :(
I want to go too but I'm sure I'm already stuck somewhere :(
and sacconejoly's and went... But I think that's about it :( xx
:( this makes me sad.
THIS IS UNFAIR WHY I DIDNT GET A FOLLOW WHEN OTHERS Get AND I SPAM :-(
I hate how I I get no texts to look at after my shift because everyone's just waking up :-(
me to god damn you bethesda!!! Im gonna have no money after fallout 4 :(
Now i know how Dire and Slow look likee IRL because i could not go to minecon :(
something great is playing. PERFECT !!!!! :(
i miss youuuu kateee :( iloveyouu be strong
It's not you :( #CalibraksaEP
i miss you too :(
2015, and still no linux support? :-(
Just read the #SandraBland story. Thats so scary, hope the truth will be revealed :(
aw :( can you make it on monday?
nawwwe hang in there love :( yes yes chikka ug kita rata soonest! :* mwamwa
I can't get it to fit :(
faggot* :( poor english teacher
I was listening on radio :-(
yep :( exactly.
id do anything to go thorpe park tomorrow !!! :(
i wanna go to vidcon :(
such an eye opener, I didn't realise things like this happened! So scary and bad someone would do that :(
can someone send me a screenshot of this conversation i want to see what it was but my phone is being stupid :-(
I doubt i'm going to bed soon though. :( I wake up at like 9.
fyi the url on your profile doesn't work :(
but he's sleeping and he's so cute :-(
When you saw the nicest mehendi design in someone's picture on your dash but now you can't find it to bookmark it &gt;:(
omg whay ur doing dis to me :(
I'm telling you :( I will in shaa Allah na by force? Change phone mana "
sorry na :((( next time pramis
if school ended earlier I could be at ngee ann now for the acoustic gig :(
Makes me sad he has to go back :((((
I Want jack in the box :(((
Crikey, bit of an own goal there. Sounds like someone turned up for work with a snit on. :(
Blocking people makes you lose followers :( :(
it was a very tiring week :( #NathanielHinanakit
why is naya there whats happening. my link keeps doing the spinny loading wheel but never playing anything :(
I was just online a few days ago! I have like 50 notifs again :(
in 2 days dammit
stop guys
lol jk &lt;3 u
.... My gosh ... I'm really bad at physics :(
thank you for taking the time to reply, albeit with a disappointing answer - the most famous athlete racing and no odds :(
Short weekend ahead :(
I'm craving breakfast food so badly right now :(((
he looks so good in stripes im :((((
:((( I'm helping you :((((((((
gfriend looked so cute :(((
sad but true ano yung tbh? :( -_-
jahat :(
Screenshots from there's a competition open to meet ariana grande some countries excluded :(
hopefully I get to see my bff tomorrow
ITS BEEN SO LONG ED LOVE YOU SEE U SOON :-(((
so fugly af in our school id :-(((((
I don't like seeing sad :( smile more and stay strong alright?
where are the airport pictures of Jongdae?
I hardly see him in my tlists :((
thank you lovely, going to write a list of the ones I've been recommended and see what one to choose, my budget isn't big :( x
"...on set with these two #PabebeGirls!!! aw pabebe :-(
I altered my Sandra Bland storify btw now! I was quite angry when I wrote it originally - so it wasn't my best :-(
hungry hungry hungry :( mom's not home oh my god im dying
Abby can you please try help me get my mum to come see you with me in London!:(
My ass hurts :( #MTVHottest Lady Gaga
This pain just below my right rib cage, since yesterday :(
Worst sleep ever :-(
Don't quite know yet what is about to come out on Hulk Hogan today but clearly Hulkamania is officially dead. :(
when your mom ignores your calls :( #unloved
i wanna watch paper tOWNS :-((((
so lazy :(
I CANNOT :(
idk where I went wrong I used to be so cute :( kinda
i feel so alone here :(
Ihhh stackare :(
i have the least green fingers ever, I cant even keep my basil plant alive :(
we both were haha! My bed now has cake all over it :(
Fries please? :(
how sad :-(
u said th remedy ov pak prob z to raiz th voice n nvr gv up.Wt now?wt hz imran achieved?in short "thr z no soln ov pak prob" :(
My sister's wedding is tomorrow but then we're going to Hong Kong &amp; I don't leave until the 31st. Then another horrific flight :(
So cute :(
whaaaaaaaaaat :( :( :( when are you leaving??
Yahoo Pipes to end Sept 30, my news feed to end with it. - :-(
someone put my lawn chair in my tree :(
I really want to pierce my cupid's bow :(
literally have torn my room apart looking for my retainers :(
oh no :( thats terrible :(((
clowns? i'm not scared of clowns tho i think they're stupid bcs they dont know how to put lipstick on : (
she likes rose more than me :(
Haiss.. todayy thoo.. :-(
unfortunately the only seats left were in coach K so we'll have to party quietly :( ^DH
Of course I always miss Tweeting sprees :(
I've been going to sleep like at 5am everday :(
It would be cool if other people like me would hangout at this time!
Steven william umboh :(
Goodafternoon JaDines, THIZ IZ IT EMEGED I KENNAT :((((( -G
#OTWOLGrandTrailer
we will reunite again one day :(
So cold, abi this our house dey close to Arctic ocean? Man is dying! :(
My chicsirific heart :(
:((((( i missed it :(((((
The struggle in finding the perfect glasses for a small structured face is real :-(
Mood: cumbia :((((
trop :(
how could i correct a badlife? :( feeling frustrated
Download only isn't it? :(
LOL 4-5 DAYS YES KASLKDJA IT WAS MY FINALS WEEK :-(
Just 3wks until we do flowers for our 1st wedding! A shame the feverfew will be over :( #weddingflowers #diyflowers
Imysm :(
shit sorry :( take lots of things?
fitnes! :((
i know right... :( i hope it's worth it bc i really wanna see hugh as wolverine again &lt;3
imran khan is innocent :(
not as of yet mate :(
I bet you are wonder what happened :(
Just trying to calm down before I start again
bby :( please be okay
I wish I went to Vidcon :(
Long distance :( Why?
:(( please make one. do you not miss Fabian?
Where can I buy/order your book #MeMeMe?? I'm from Finland so it isn't here yet.... :((
I miss seeing krystoria moments :(
getting holiday clothes on a day like this. Wanna go now :(
i miss sophie :(
I just want your followback? :( but why you always makes SNOB :(
Sakit sa Heart &lt;/3
go zumba somewhere else please, me studying :(
I do not know. I'm sorry !!
#GreekCrisis is that #Greeks leave/work abroad, "We gave the light to the word and we remained in the dark"... :(
why can't i go to sleep at a normal time :(
i am not that artistic so how the heck can i do my project :(
I miss my long black hair. :(
#UberIceCream no ice cream available in #Leeds :(
I thought we we're supposed to hangout dis week :(
I agree Dutch are sound but I'm not sure I'm legible :(. I'm legible for a Israeli passport only by the law of return.
I want froze chocolate covered bananas :(
all these theories of people saying from the start that zayn will come back on 23rd july :((((((( its 24th today and im not ok
Stomachache bc of a slice of cake _:(` ):_
Lions agains Otani, 3-0 down already at 3rd bottom no chance, eh, ? :-(
Niaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
pls follow me, be my 2/4
miss you :(
I've moved to Australia. It's only a matter of time :(
Cute :((
if you have schemes I don't have schemes planned yet :(
Second that. We were off on Wednesday already :(
Paper towns please :-(
:( :( I know it's how it goes, but still....
dude i'm so fckin okay with you avoiding me all over again :(
fuck :((((
hii vin plss rply my tweet :((
I didn't mean to put a rat lol :(
I just deleted my entire Bollywood movie collection to make space for my Mac backup. Actual tears :(
SAY NO To EXAM!!!!!! exam na sa lunes at martes :(
We love spotting Robinhood out in the wild! Thanks for all the support out there, Robinhoodies!
same here :(
#docopenhagen i have a horse in my ass :(
I'll just have to write a bunch of ugly setter functions... :(
im swiping right but dont see anything :(
How am I gonna live without my bbygurl for two whole days :(
fuck u Neil u ruined it &gt;:-(
yeah i'm not :(((
2 years ago today I was packing for the Caribbean :(
So hacked off with myself as just gone up a size :( 6yrs ago, I had gone down to a size 12 and now I am a size 18 again :( I hate myself :(
:'( Tried very hard but lost :( #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede
my bro choose takraw over me :(
:((( it's not like a fersuree thing yet though
oh poor baby :(
Hell naw Angie, ain't nobody paying. Fuck your though this was :(
awwww no but thank you :( but im still ugly huhu idk
ice cream sandwich plsss :-((((((
how have you been, sheriff? i haven't seen you in aaaaaaaaaaa a aaaaages :((
It's always hard leaving my heart :( I'mo sulk all day today.
some people aren't like you, Fra... some of them are kinda selfish :(
THAT'S NOT FAIR!! I WANNA MEET YOU SOOOO BAD!! &lt;3 &lt;3 :(
follow trick nonce :(
I can't do charges on a pad for toffee though so tried to switch to someone other than bison. Never got back in :(
I need to get up and motivated but that means I have to walk all the way to Q'don and I don't think I have that energy :(
oh crikey - not good :( it looks sore! I hope you're starting to feel better since then though x
My heart rate is ridiculous today :(
I'm proud of my heart, it's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works. :(
#Unknown
Why can't I be going to ed :(:(
There's totally no stomping at all :(
the aaaAaaAAAAAAh sound kanye makes in hey mama is so cute :(
I feel so ill today :(
Jdjdjdjd it's too detailed I had to stop :(
I want to add her :(
I said to myself I will never gonna eat banana anymore but I dont have a choice :(
I should've been asleep 3 or 4 hours ago :(
jimin's fancafe post yesterday &gt;:( i am gone
:( are you free any time on Monday?
Noooo not Friday! I work all weekend :(
I want a flipping Belgium waffle thrown in my face :(
Don't have that one :( Perhaps something else? 87.7 #2fm
My KIK - himseek8 #kik #kiksex #kikmsn #like4like #kissme #akua #hotel :(
homed and gg out again :((
Why didn't I glo up yet??? :((
I so want to just be at home. I'm not eating properly and I'm sleeping just to pass the time. I'm miserable :(
i miss you :(
pls follow me
I get so sad about Cory Monteith like very often. :( As I am sure a lot of people do. Gone too soon hits close to home. What could have been
aw I know, I'm sorry :( how are you and your hashbrowns?
ahh the wonderful They're really supportive of PGs - shame they didn't do an MSc I liked :(
Where is hierro :(((
My SNAPCHAT - ShirleyCam #snapchat #hornykik #dmme #kikchat #selfie #amazon #phonesex :(
Looks good pal. Glad I paid 111 for my jersey and gilet! : (
look at his cheeks so squishy :(
cutest ;(
oh really ?? wonder why it's expensive there :( are u donating ?
Stay lahhh :(
I haven't debut and I'm still a student :( I don't have enough money to pay you eon.
she doesn't even notice me :(
im not there too :(
Sorry to hear about your dogs :(
the sunrise was so pretty but i couldn't get a good picture of it :(
KIK me guys : beety697 #kik #kikmeguys #kikme #makeup #sex #video #kikkomansabor :(
in the getaway car after committing some criminal act !!! :(
It's madness, for sure. Three amiibo for the price of four on Nintendo store. It's just my backup :(
Batman can't fly, I can't help :(((( I HABE FAILED YOU ATE
Makes me wish we didn't travel :-(
siannn I 7 March 2017 :(
free twitter :(
may list ba? :(
Well it's absolutely chuckin it down in 'ampsha :( #Rain #Rain #Rain
why did you have answer fans when i was sleep ??? :(
Nia I want to meet you again :(
ahh I hope you can!! :(
Terrible, just terrible. :(
but how :(
I miss the seniors very very much :((
Please help me to find the replacement strap for my DZ9055 :( I love that watch!
My KIK - entlead590 #kik #kikmenow #nudes #hornykik #tinder #quote #webcamsex :(
tuesday daw :(
Today was meant to be quiet day to clean the shop but now I'm super busy with clients :(
yep twice :(
justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm bae! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:02AM)
no ice cream for ifsc mayor street :(
Biodiversity, Taxonomic Infrastructure, International Collaboration, and New Species Discovery Suppl. data as PDF :(
I just want my fucking day collar. :(
jealous much :(
Follow back :(
Yep 3:03 am can't sleep :((
ummm I found it :(
:( okay this is the worst
My God :( :( :(
That is hardly a respond :-(
Going to miss belting Sam smith on my daily car rides :((
I hope so :(#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Really want to be there :(
wish i was good at makeup, the only thing im good at is doing eyeliner :(((
I didn't in the end, I would of had to leave from work and therefore missed it :(
i thought this is my best day but it's not. no paper towns today :(
please come to the netherlands :((
This actually made me cry this is so disgusting whAT THE ACTUAL FUCK im disgusted by what I've seen poor people :(
lol forgot about mubank today :(
What if Max and El were together? :(
Jeb Bush calls #BlackLivesMatter a 'slogan' via
#MSNBC #CNN
(#JEBBush thanking his lucky stars... :-(
It's true... :-(
famished :(
damn D: I feel the same way about "Maybe" :( Like I was happy San Marino qualified but I wanted Suzy to qualify D:
i'm getting there :( we're at least speaking now
RIP Momo ;-; :(
Ripped my skirt and hurt my back im injured lol :(
I MISS MY BRACES :((
sorry :((
I finally could stream ugh couldn't make it home for the past few days for the broadcast :(
Whenever I hear "Tama!" I can't help but repeat it in my head with the pabebe warrior saying it :(
why am I even awake :(
Nearly 50 dead and over 100 wounded reported in bomb attacks in #Iraq. In one week over 300 human beings killed :(
everyone's on holiday :(
How far would you go just to win? Camara knows. :-( THE BRIDE WORE COVERALLS #romance #inspy
I won't be around tom. :(
Mr Happily is both Mr Sneezy &amp; Mr Sleepy :-(
He said you've got too much time on your hands :( #RogerWatch
I am ashamed at my language :(!
stalker!:(
Red velvet cake plsssssss :(
everybody fell asleep on me :(
Yeah, I've heard :( I think they should learn a little about traditions and people's beheaviour when they visit a country...
my parents don't let me &gt;:(
sigh yeah :(
I miss Robert's cute ass :-(
True Life :~
I Cant Hide Anything From You... :(
But When Its About Love...
*I HAVE TO...* ^_^...
I fucking hate when I wake up like at this time and I can't fall back asleep ugh :(
Aaron said it was shit I didn't have ago because he said not worth taking and that's all I banged on about as well jelouse :(
There is truly no better feeling in MTG than getting Thoughtseized twice in your first 2 rounds of game 1 to take all your playables away :(
oldies but goodies :(
Missing MCG rn. :(
Woohyun seems weird on inspirit shining night... :( im not ised to seeing him like this........ what happened :/
forever no food at home &amp; the food in school is not even nice :-((
lets just assume it's high waisted because it's harry's jeans:( :((((
i know :(
did you by any chance find a black guinness wallet in the venue last night after the show? Lost my wallet :( :( :(
Thank you!
The evil pepper does to my system. :(
My KIK - thessidew877 #kik #kikmeguys #FaceTime #omegle #Bored #quote #sexi :(
There's a meeting on Sunday and genesis isn't back from Mexico yet :(
so upset I'm not going in november man, I hope there's going to be a next time in the UK :(
CRAVING FOR WINGS :(((((((((((((
I mashed up my phone lost your number.. :( Whattsap me if avail
Yeah :( Idk i just never found the time to finish Inuyasha! I've seen a lot of anime and i grew up watching inuyasha which
Hey girl you must be Google Plus because I can't convince any of my fr ends to hang outfwith you. :(
I JUST WANT MYUNGSOO, GYU, HOYA AND YEOL FOR ONCE :((
Victoria Park Books to close :(
So hard to find an organisation that we're satisfied with :(
god im so sorry i hope you are better now :-( wah
Stock up sa for 1 hour. :(
lay challo pliss :(
and where the hell is she :(
omg I'd so FaceTime Juliana rn but she doesn't have a phone :-(
Still confused on what to enroll this sem. :(
I'm working next weekend :(
:( not even when u hit me up we had 5
I fell asleep :( do you guys wanna come to Starbucks w me lol
Darlene Followback please :(
can we all be gay together at least. Don't leave me out alone :(
the emoji :(((
Freaking cat won't cuddle with me :-(
I see she has a meet and greet tour coming up, but unfortunately she's not coming to Brisbane :(
Too late. :(
hi Merlin, currently waiting a roof repair, and our kitchen is letting in water :(
I JUST SAW YOUR MENTION OMG SORRY :-(((((((((
I'm sorry sweetie :( No one deserves that.
nawwwee i miss hyperbullies. like tong 3rd yr nga seatmates rajud mi mag barkada :(
I'll miss you buddy :(
ores! :(
So sick :(
Not looking promising for our evening at the cricket, is it :(
I only sleep good when I'm at kaylas :(
I miss everyone so much. Feel like I've not seen them in so long :(
I have yet to finish it! I'm still on season 7. :(
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - ericavan18 #snapchat #snapchatme #likeforlike #interracial #model #repost #sexo :(
Again not feeling well :(
WHY..... :(( not that I hate jong or dongwoo is just that all the photocards I've been getting is WH, DW &amp; SJ
May brain tumor si Vivian :( #MMSMalubhangSakit
Is everyone talking about rat boy today bc :(
My feet hurt :(
oh man schade :(
ohh :( the first year will be a bit tiring but things get better after that!
zayn come back to 1D already. :(
I'm freezing :(
I wanted the shoes FOR my holiday, shipping should take 4-5 days so it should have arrived TODAY, but it's not even on its way :(
u didn't follow me :((
I didn't see it so you must not of... been trying to think for a day what it could be...I've think I just figured it out :(
My SNAPCHAT - JillCruz18 #snapchat #kiksexting #likeforlike #hornykik #lgbt #music #camsex :(
I feel like I'm the only person in Ireland not going to see in Croke park :(
sore qt :(
not til 19th of sept cos that's when bills start and full rent :(
ok this whole time I've been tossing &amp; turning in my bed trying to go to sleep but I just can't :(
Showed up to open shop, but my co-worker is MIA :( Hopefully they arrive soon, I'm starving.
yup!! i always order there anyways i hope it pushes through :((
dare :(
Unsettled weather is the trend for the next few days. Sun this morning. Showers this afternoon. GH is 18C. Mixed bag for the weekend :-(.
why? but you'll get sick :(
two days before my birthday :(
IM LISTENING TO EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU :((
shit rlly?:( i heard hamsters eat each other thats pretty fucked up hamsters r weird
just wanna see ed sheeran preform tonight :(
some peanut has probably crashed :( .. after all you've seen how they drive on the monash ...?
What?P..... :(
When you cant find a gift so you end up using the money for starbucks :(((((
I hope the hitmarker glitch is fixed soon :(
okay, safaa, please follow me :( I love you
Guess who's missed Selena's tweets for fans?:(
My summer sleep schedule is back :(((
my eyes want to sleep but the rest of me doesn't. :( This is bad.
:( u okay
ye galat hai tum ne mjhe ab non respected lrka bna dia, itna rude word use kia hai ke ab mere bhook hi khatam ho jai hai :(
can anyone give me money for the train so that i can see today?! :(
Not been to the gym all week, so I need a BIG personal push today to get me there tonight....i've been making excuses to myself. #Lazy :-(
annoying :((((((((
you ain't gonna follow me?:(
This Social Experiment, made me cry. :(
i miss you :-(
afterschool cant have a comeback even tho they want to coz they have no money :(((
Please Pray for my friend Bilal Ashraf his in ICU :(
thankssss. :(
I MISS SO MANY PEOPLE :-(
won't be long for us all :(
ah im sorry :-( when was it
Annnd, now not going to Winchester {:-(
Its been 1 year now, Since he texted me this... I miss everything. But now, I know he will never be with me again :(
aw I used the same photo :(
Exactly :(
I always make so much effort to talk to you and all I get is like one or two tweets or DMs all day... like really? come on :(
that's awful :(
/grepe grepein/ :(
I don't want Panem to end :( I just LOVE the books and the movies
no Idk if I wanna watch the episode now :(
why my lover :( you going zoo?
baby &gt; boyfriend &gt; bitch??? I don't know how to complete it :(
All ice cream vans are busy :( Maybe later... #UberIceCream
hopefully not :( but sulli was like that too.........well, there was injured amber too, but she's still there haha sigh f(x)
Ouch :( What's happened to make you say this Darren? Is there anything we can help you with from here?
not even sleepy :(
only CPM has condemned it, rest all political parties are quiet :(
When you realise that 2/3 of your big summer plans have been and gone :( :( :( next up is PARIS
Oops... a server error occurred and your email was not sent. :( :(
miss you too :(
They do... Their mentality doesn't :(
noooo :( it was too late d. Nvm d lah
everything reminds me of u :-(
no date yet :(
feel like eating unagi out of a sudden :(
straight 7elw :( at least mesh beyt3a2ad
too late now :(
lol I'm still very fluent and people say I sound white :( but varsity ruined me. Sengenza typos and I use some words out of context.
is there MovNat in Belgium? First search yields nothing... :-( #NBHeroes
Tried doing it from my xbox, but it seems it doesn't work...:( it'd make a killer background.
Looking for fun? KIK : agover73 #kik #kikgirl #hornykik #makeup #orgasm #brasileirao #sexdate :(
Watching abusive relationship videos is so fucking hard. I'm trying not to cry but it's like... :(
me also good.. But why are u not present here?? Have not seen u long time :(
I like u sm :-(
I'm so inactive. I wanna cry! :(
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : JillCruz18 #snapchat #kikhorny #talk #teens #oralsex #batalladelosgallos #kikhorny :(
SRSLY FUCK U UNFOLLOWER HOPE UR FUTURE CHILD UNPARENTS U &gt;:-(
Ah i honestly love my dad so much I'm slightly upset that I'm not seeing him on my birthday :(
Bianca
Ur one and only bun : (
you already knew i couldn't stand to let people dislike me :(( it's burdensome and i want totally clear it as soon as possible
same here omg I miss them so badly :(((
Amelia didnt stalk my twitter :(
oh, i missed the broadcast. : (
i really can't stream on melon i feel useless :-(
I need to stop looking at old soccer pictures :(
Got an interview for the job that I want but they rang me Tuesday for the interview on Thursday but in on holiday :(
very helpful .... Or will be once I stop crying :(
OTL NEVERMIND :( at least i got jeon so
And AS SOON as I tweeted that she planted her claws in my thigh for traction and zoomed away :(
damnit :(
I used to be PRY/PV ..... wish I could relive those days and become NYC/PV buy there is no way to communicate with NYC or USA KLM :(
It's really hot :-(
Monday? :(
If going to stop breakfast early you might want to remove the 11am from your website. Even McD's doesn't pull that trick. :(
which means its on its way over here :( 3rd load just hung up
:( but wtf am I supposed to do now without her
Headache strike :(
English weather needs to fix up :((
Live fam bam but I have a cough :(
Absolutely gutted all the James Bay tickets have sold out for Manchester :(
Seventh spot na lang :( #OTWOLGrandTrailer
Splendour :(
OMG! Swedish hair metal legends HirFrce in the studio while I am on leave??? Noooo :( #givecodpieceachance
it's sore, Alice. :(
I'm not ready to work yet :(
someone unfaved :((
stiles :(
funny mo :(
someone explain #SandraBland :(
dont be sad :(((((( ily
No, I am going to spend the night in Prague and then leaving tomorrow :(
one of my friend is following me , a little heart attack , im sorry youre blocked :((((( sadis
no I'm annoyed :(
Consider yourself lucky! my favourite character didn't even make it to the season finale in The 100 :(
boo. I had already turned in. Yes. At 915. :(
I DON'T HAVE ITUNES SO I'M WAITING #NotAnApology :(
my layout doesn't match but it's the closest I could find for my header :( someone help
hayeee :( hayeee :( patwari here mam but for IK's vision I would say nothing rather than a lil laugh
agh, sorry :-(
VidCon :( :( :(
don't gas me :((
awhhh ok ok :( see you nalang when class opens!!! Hehe
Last night was one of the worst night :( I pretty sure this Albanian women cursed me
Air Max Tavas pls pls pls pls :(
taken :( another chara maybe? -teteh
dev I.m verry sad cause you on twitter and than me off :(
I can imagine! This would shatter my dreams :-( We'll let our colleagues know all about this. ^SB
Too much missing you :(
Nawee ! :(
I WANT A WHITE FRENCH BULLDOG :(((
Wanna feel loved :(
Aww Poor you T.T I wish I was there to help you. Even though I can't really help much :(
I'm sorry I didn't see this tweet :( 2 Points x
I miss the Macho Man :(
can i hav my purity back ? :(
i have kwento :( fbc
3 days without talking with Bae :(
whaaaaaaat noooooooo :(
Please tweet me something I'm sad :( you can cheer me up
please..
I miss my brown hair :(
Nakakapikon yung nagbabasa ka ng blog comments for info and it's full of people asking the same damned questions answered in the post. :(
leading cause of cancer in children under five :(
Alone :-( :'( :-\
hello, any info about possible interest in Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :( greatings
I'm sorry people are being shits who don't respect your personal space. :(
noooo :( *sogok ice cream*
Thank you for sending premium writing instrument, however some dastardly swine stole it from envelope! :(
Im getting sick and tired of pipol saying Im short... M not Short... I AM TINY :(
fair enough :( why would anyone do that? Just seems a tad fucked up .. It's a wiper, a wiper!
supposedly one of the worst kernels for any device :(
i'm so bored :(
Is this true? I doubt it is :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Todays job (another facking #Intel). Extra mega careful not to get bent socket pins :-( #PCGaming #PCUpgrade
Hate being the messenger :(
is everyone asleep already?:((((
they've brainwashed you :(
can some1 pls download smosh:the movie free online? Hahahaha :(
MY kik - plawnew837 #kik #kikmenow #amateur #sfs #snapme #summer #hottie :(
Omg no way?! not you guys aswell :-( btw cat litter isnt good for pregnancy make sure u dont go near
Ah Mensch :(
Sepanx with this one :(
We cannot view the picture. Are you unhappy with the seats on our bus? :(
There's a huge bag of presents from Luke and I can't open them until he's back from work :-((((
pcy mine :-(
last time I went to Caerphilly I couldn't find anywhere selling local cheese :-(
My eyes are really bad today and I don't even have my glasses :(
I'M OMW lol I wish :(((((
JOKE LANG EH :( HAHDHDHSHHS
Never seeing your dad until midnight bc he worked hard as fuck :( #GrowingUpPoor
NUMBER ONE IN AMERICA!!
i wish i could buy it but no money :(
Wish that I can buy all Bangtan's merch :(
The pain of all #UberIceCream drivers being busy :(
oh gosh what did you say? And aw hun :( *cuddles*
me wants! :(
taimoor Meray dost :(
tyas mind to refollow me :(
My stomach is killing me :(
as if not an apology isn't available in australia :((
ksoo u dumb butt :(
omg why am I getting hate for being a sex offender :( poor me :( I'm a stupid pissbaby
i want to finish death parade by this weekend :(
I'm so frustrated with my planks. The times are super inconsistent, and I have no idea what I'm doing wrong. :(
RIP TOM MOORE...... I LOVE READING HIS COMIC BOOKS....
ANOTHER GREAT ARTIST I WILL TRULY MISS :(
I miss this so much :(
awww i miss you too i swear but Twitter these days are truly boring so i rather watch movies and football :(
when can sch get better........ :-(
my throat is so so sore :((
Why is no one awake :(
Im hungry now :(
Get in the bin, OSX/Chrome/Voiceover &gt;:(
what a night :(((((( so devo xxx
im so sad :(
I hope it's wrong about #HulkHogan but I think I know deep down its not. It's hurtful to wake up that kind of unpleasantness :(
I don't even know what to say :(((
daaaaaamn :((
Grabe ang harsh huhuhu why u like that? :(
aw babe :((
my boys r playing :( and i cant watch it :( rip
Dadas uh iphone na, :(:( [pic]
no sorry I'm fully booked :-( xx
why you unfollow me unnie?:(
lucky spike only :-(
omg i miss you 2 :(
Why didn't Panic's new album come out on the 22nd :(
bigbang need some rest :( they have been travelling from one place to another, must be really tiring for them :(
:( rude
you mention South Africa so many times in your song its about time you come to South Africa ! :(
Hate when I can't remember my dreams, I love sharing them :(
What is going on in America man R.I.P to all the victims in #Louisiana :(
When school comes between me and twitter :(
Taking 190 at such a horrible timing :(
ella :( cheer up pls
That's no excuse for launching an attack Lizardz, you should feel like shit for doing that. I am deeply ashamed of you. &gt;:(
Nothing worse :(
Sorry about that :( We need to get an emergency engineer out to you! Will you be home for the next 4 hours? ^Laura
I can never go to sleep early :( lol
home dormtel near st scho!! all girls siya tho :( do you want me to help you find oneee
I was talking to exclusive :( U know I carry U want me to play
7pm on a Friday and I am dead :(
Sorry Nat, school holidays.. :( and I'm working at 1pm.
why do you do this when Im in work :(
every time i have feta cheese, my head starts to blaaaaze! sometimes my vision is messed too and nausea comes in :(
Oh no, that's not good :( We're not aware of any issues. Have you been able to top-up now?
Sharknado, one hour that I will never get back :(
Yeah, leave me on read :-(
I cannot even sleep right now :(
And Ernie :(
all over my TL :( hungry af!
it's raining :-(
no EZOO for me this year sorry :-(
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : LilyButle18 #snapchat #kikmenow #amateur #kikmeboys #seduce #hannibal #kiksexting :(
when ed sheeran is preforming in your country tonight and ur not going :(
Cannot seem to get one in Powai! :(
My neighbor doesn't let me sleep :-(
back to Delhi :(
my feet were cold!!!! and there was no point in taking the socks off okay stop :(
i can't belieb it's raining :(
Since models own stopped stocking at boots I can't get any and I can't even order online because it's telling me it's unsafe :(
the summer holidays are great but I'm so bored already :(
Oh. I was planning on streaming Halo on Xbox One today. :(
Drop Dead Fred use to be my favorite movie
I wish I had it :-(
remember was #2 on gaon and bad was #6 but infnt are eligible and apink are not :(((( acube why'd u do this
So sad every time apink has an event .. Don't understand Korean :(
:( have fun
Bullshit......:((
:( - Do you know what happens to the internet light when the connection drops? Thanks, Kei.
I wish I could hear food :(
hanaaaa its your birthday???? ya Allah sorry for not wishing you in the van jn i tak tau :( happy birthday gorgeous!
omg really? I'm sorry babe :(((
what happened soul sis? :(
And faith :(
What was the last present you received? haha. basta. :(
Went to bed with headache...woke up with headache :(
Snapchat me guys : JasminGarrick #snapchat #kiksexting #chat #sexting #addme #mpoints #hotmusicdelocos :(
Relation full of lies :(
aw fuck there's a dress bag on the floor. dammit that's really loud :(
Dhis blocked my twitter :( thank you for the good time I play 8ball, FAKMAREY,
unfortunately yours smells like doo doo :(
I wanna go to six flags :(
sorry :(
Shopping isn't fun when you're on your own :(
I miss cat :(
i miss you too :(
I would like to be able to work full time on this stuff, but after this move, I'm having to consider taking on a fulltime job. :(
yeah I've seen something about tinder on fb!! I was rooting for them :( but the other woman is frustrating me being so awkward!
No food in the kitchen, no money in my wallet (thanks Barcelona) and my dad hasn't been home in a month so no beet juice either :(
DCI today, now I wish I was going :-(
At work and freezing :(
Srsly, Y U do that? :((
Hate seeing my granddad like this :(
sorry pre :(
I want the minion bucket please :( it wasn't there yesterday! :(
All is fair in love and war kapan update :(
Oh ya udah dihapus. Hilang dari muka bumi.
I want to read it once more someone give me link
girl that was so quick too :(
so many nasty, narrow minded people :(
i want this in my room :-(
Because your friend does not respect your life :-( I'm sorry
Sadly not :(
Sucks how I'm Gona miss Chellos party :(
hello, any info about possible interest in Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :(
i can't watch it on my phone. Sorry :( thank you still &lt;3
The taxi driver thought me and Sophie worked for Nintendo and took us into the gates :( the security guards gave us the dirtiest looks haha
omg :-(( I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MONICA SEE YOU SOON AAAHHH !!!
:((( (at Crepes 40)
don't kick my bae :((
haha. Sounds like youre having fun and games :(
you don't follow me :(
school is on monday but i don't wanna meet new people :(
BUT... I HAVENT FINISHED YET :(
No. U forsaken me and ran off with the other gf. :(
Kanin please :( xD
Can not get on #hypixel :( want to record grrrr #thestruggleisreal #geek #gamer #gamers #youtube
I want afterbirth now :(
this is a bummer :( apink's digital + physical sales have been super great but bc of the timing of the album release they aren't up to win?
OverPerhatian:(:(
this is so sad :((((((((
That's awful :( My son missed his physics exam because he had chicken pox and they gave him a predicted grade. Poor girl.
but srsly tho, bae looks so out of it :((((
Ahm...I've never been to London...nor on a holiday outside of Ireland in nearly 8 years :( Never got the chance/cash to go
please follow me :(
why omg :-(
5am &amp; I'm up wit ha damn headache :(
I had a dream that I met Karlie Kloss &amp; she was so so sweet &amp; she wanted to take like a bunch of goofy photos with me. :(
i didn't realize it was 3 am i was watching concert videos and pcd is extremely hard rn :(
SORRY if I antagonised you with this. But she calls herself a writer. And has had several polite nudges, too... :(
I haven't delved into it enough but what I have seen and heard is fucking horrendous. :(
follow me :(
but duo we both dropped double digits :( TWICE
I just got here :( come!!!'
THEYRE SO CUTE I WISH I KNEW WHAT THEY WERE SAYING :(
I care :(
I wish I could've met you :(
My grandad really isn't well :( I worry so much about him!
DO U HAVE GRAY'S FOLLOWK?!! OMG ITS TOO HARD these DAYS U KNOW :(:(
and idk what to do bc we have no money if we leave :-(
a lot of people suggest, but they still aren't :(!
follback me pls :(
you have to get a pace maker? oh no! :(
ah mince :(
Molly deserved a much higher place :(
I'm so hungry :((
all i wanna do is have a good time with no one hitting on me or dating me is that too much to ask for :(
Feeling very sucky w this running nose cough sore throat and fever :-(
same i hate hot weather :( its my graduation ceremony later and all the boys are gonna wear suits everyones going to die
"let's go to a party....in our pants " ew :( gross
someone has niall layouts to give me? :(
hey christine, why so moody? :(
i miss you :(
THROWBACKS :(
thats not a good enough of a reason :( please dont leave youre one of my fav barbs
Cooper, but I'm not convinced. Neither of your 2 please! I'm more concerned with Creasy winning Deputy - but she won't :(
some taste so bad though :(
i was joking only man :(((((
I never removed the Minion from my car and now after 23 days it has run out of batteries! I have no "Banana's" :(
i want a sponsor but my acc is new so i don't have even 1k :(
What if I told u guys its my bday today ? :( all gift I want is $5 paypal
goodbye stage already :-(
shit idk what time it is for me :((
today was tiring :-((
pretty :(
:((((( matt
hello, any info about possible interest of Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :( saludos
hey someone text me :((
Another dissapointed review :( #bbloggers #makeup #beauty
&lt;-- this has to be the face every guy pull when getting head but can feel your bae's teeth in his dick :(
Ahhhhh well :(
i wanna see paper towns w/ :(
where can i get long lasting black pumps :(
omfg it's the most beautiful place ever I miss it so much :(
Hate pimples :(
it's almost 12 but i'm so tired :(
honey &amp; brown sugar is only good for ur lips :/ but the amount of stuff I used on my face that I could've used on food instead :(
ikr hais why would someone sell that precious thing? :((
I'm so tired :( I haven't got a good sleep in a while
yea man... Suppose to football tdy man but plan fail :(
Please god I don't wanna go to work :(
I kinda miss Pamela and good!Anna :(
Can we please be woes? I can't run through the six with you, though, as I live in Mexico :(
idk if I can because I'm getting a mini bus there so idk what time I'm going to get there :(
Hi Harry, sorry :( We're working on a mast in the area. This can cause intermittent service until the work has been completed.
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - JannieCam #snapchat #kikme #webcam #snapchatme #kikhorny #musicbiz #hotmusicdelocos :(
Braxton should have gone pro! :( I feel bad for him. Urban is unprecedented in brainwashing (see Tebow and Alex Smith)
wat. Okaaay huhu :(( sayanggggggggg did you find yah phone?
1. Taxi Service
2. Second Scheduled Blog Post
3. HOUSEWORK OR BUST :(
My mum says she's done &amp; that she's leaving my step dad :-(
I want to go to Disneyland so badly :-(
BC OF THE 'THOMAS' NOT BEING TOMMYY :((
Billy did. I haven't... :(
I fancy Kevin Clifton from strictly come dancing so much but he's now married :( whyyyyy
NSC and MAT 0 tomorrow :(
Awhh i didn't see you guys or i would've rammed my car into you :(
that's ok :( is there any reason why the vouchers can't be used online??
KIK me : smadvow544 #kik #kikgirl #lgbt #photo #model #free #hottie :(
everyone's at work I can't even get to yours :(
would love to see acdc..missed out on tickets :(
:( akere ive been sending ka my gmail and u not getting :(
It's their last stage today :( I'm going to miss them seeing them almost everyday
Never give up. The best things take time." weh :(
GUYS add my KIK - sprevelink633 #kik #hornykik #chat #porno #orgasm #free #webcamsex :(
why you're now lana? :(
Missed 11:11 :( btw my wish was for to follow me #LoveYouTillTheEndCarter
Aw that sounds great, better than what i have for lunch :(
I want to play the SFV!!!
Capcom plz :(
Tips ONLINE!
6/7 WINNERS yesterday!
Just 1 goal off a nice 20/1 :(
Hopefully a similar strike rate today!
u probs had more fun with david than me : (
Soooo burnt.... :-(
need new phone :(
Missing my tito daddy :(
when will rosie and hayoung shut up :(
I just want the Ram and NLB :-(
HAHAHAH holy shit!!! Comforting why? :(
How could you be flat and have abs at the same time...
Gym tayo G!! :(((
yeah :(
First two days of Katies summer and she's been back and forth to the doctor with suspect meningitis and viral tonsillitis :( poorly girl
I wanna go to the movies today but no one is down :(
I want to watch Paper towns :-(
I've had no reply yet :(( !! But ange has given me some work for the next 3 weeks x
don't say that :-(
Babyy :(((
they dont have it either :( I will just have to have ugly cushions for a little while longer. thanks for your help.
happy birthday again! And please come back to singapore :-(
no. They have to weigh up risks. Premiums will go up. :( A lot of money.1 reason I'm not that keen on getting a dog
I know that feel man :(
yeah by the looks of it :(
I can't see where it says "ice cream" on the uber app :( what do I do after setting my location?
I wish I could see you Ben :(
i don't think we will ever win the Petrofac Cup :-( ;-)
15 Days ago Danny took my wig and put it onto mark's head I want to go back there :(
a pathetic emotional burden.Says she likes me, cares about me, hugs me, respects me, tolerates me! &amp; calls me names too! :-(
is allergic to cats... itchy throat. :(
I don't like dogs :(
Man right now, I wish someone would bring me food to my office. I'm starving. :(
gosh its cheaper in malaysia :( here its worth 130 +shipping
the weather is set for more sleep but responsibilities. :-(
i think someone hacked my other acc :(
Guys nooooo :-( what a WOW!!!!! Wow wow wow
This boy was snapchattimg me and I was happy bc friends then he ruined it when he said "you wanna have fun" :((
I couldn't!! I look 12 still :((
tbh I forget who is the donation manager in Sin &amp; due to my hp corrupted did a restore all my data lost lor :(
it's the worst pain :(
but never dedicating anything to me :( smh lol
Irene unnie bite her fingers and worriedly stared at staff :( ~it's okay unnie
I feel so sick :((((((
WHAT :(
GUYS add my KIK - toneady46532 #kik #kikmeboys #wife #porno #snapdirty #premiostumundo #sheskindahot :(
Omfg the hugging corpses :(((((
#taeny #fyeah the link is broken :(
hello, any info about possible interest of Jonathas ?? Hes close to Betis :(
I CANT WATCH TONIGHTS ANDROMEDA :(((
LA time, right? Yes yunnie, im serious :(((
Why do developers release good games during school?? :(
Thank you! I feel awful, not been this sick for a long time :(
THERE WERE A LOT OF WRITINGS OF THE BOYS IN MY SECTION WHDJWKSJA IDK THAT ZIAM WRITING STILL FUCKS ME UP
i go to a 100k school :(
Noo I've ben watching it like a hawke all week! So gutted :(
Don't spoil me :(
None of you were hiding behind my shower curtain again :(
:( I wanted it to be good, or at least watchable - but by all accounts, it's neither
I WANT TO WATCH! :(
My last day in Indiana :((((
when your fav cheese gives you migrines :( &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
still sad that we haven't fixed my cars window bc I can't drive anywhere without being scared it'll shatter on me :(
I only have the morning off work unfortunately :( are you at GDCE/Gamescom?
hay idk baby :(
Oh no :( Do't think that. Do you have a parcel coming from Yodel now? If so hit follow &amp; DM over your tracking num. Chelsea
I wish I could be friends with everybody :( lmfaooooo
Oooooouch!!! My poor pinky toe Good thing I work for Podiatrists. Just waiting until morning so I can go in. Hurry and be morning :(
morning , i miss you :( :*
I miss my old house because you could hear when my parents door opened. Now I have to act like I'm asleep :(
Gusto ko ng Rodic's :( someone share an order with me because one's big
adoohh :(
b-butt : ( isn't black cat a bad luck ene
Missed out on tickets for shows this morning? :(
Get your #Tigermilk fix at
yes hopefully next year :((
I want to meet Jacob so bad :(
Can you please tell me :(
I used to recommend East Dulwich, but it's gone super crazy in the last five years. :(
awwww i miss you too! :(
The last few episodes were really intense :(((((( kagami n kuroko forever &lt;3
can't sleep :-(
I just can't say nah to food :((((
I want to see you :( sana makita na kita and ang .
spooky jim and smol bean :(
One of the guys from true blood was in St. Fagans yesterday :( :( :(
Where can I buy your book #MeMeMe? I live in Finland :(
whaaat. this so isn't fair :(
nooo stay in UK IM HERE :(
aw poor thing :(
I also want :((
This looks amazing! (think I saw them at meadowhall the other day actually) unfortunately its a weekend so I'll be at work :(
sorry :( i spend more time on instagram now
RIP Lola. :( I'll miss you. Sorry at di kita nadalaw the last days. Thank you for everything.. sa memories, sa warm hugs, sa lahat. Labyu la
okies :-(
" I dont want anything happen to my bae :( "
Who even started this trend? I wanna know if there is a jot of truth :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
Snapchat me guys : IvyPowel19 #snapchat #kikhorny #chat #girl #like4like #travel #phonesex :(
Schade :(
Missin my homeslice on her bday :(( &lt;/333
My poor throat :(((
MY FAV EMOTICON RIGHT NOW IS THE " :(: " EMOTICON
you see i'd get my eyebrows done at prettylooks but i wanna try different styles too :(
rip whitney houston. :(
Aur ap bhi is me shamil ho :(
I haven't been on much these past 2 days bc I need to save my 3g but I feel like I've missed tonnes :(((
Hey there - sorry to hear this :( Have you checked the service status page Gen
Are you holding back
like the way you do :(
The amount i'm eating these days is ridiculous, don't know why I'm suddenly always hungry :(
omg when ally hugs mani she wraps her arms around her neck and pulls her closer :-(((
I loved it but this #ToothSensitivity :-(
yes we should :(
We were heartbroken too! :(
A chover :(
i want cebu lechon :(
my head is killing me :(
i want a kitten so badly oh my god :((
if I sleep, I won't wake up on time :(
Add my SNAPCHAT : JannyGreen22 #snapchat #kiksex #xxx #seduce #tagsforlikes #nakamaforever #hotels :(
it probably your fault he lost his phone :(
I told him to suicide and kill both of you, but you ran away forever :(
are you mad at me ? what did i do wrong ? :( what should i do to make you forgive me :(((
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CONNO!!!! I'M LATE AGAIN!!! BECAUSE TIME ZONE AND I COULD FREAK OUT THAT YOU NEVER SEE ME!! :(
its my biggest dream can u follow me brooo :((((
I'm a lonely girl from England too :(
This time last week we were on route to Lovebox :( shares her day and the new prods
IMS OSAD :-(
I hate breaking out :(
i was in it :(
It still happens a lot - unfortunately there are still reports that people are falling for the scam :(
eric &amp; i made up and he still didn't tell me he loved me :-( fake ass
I miss ITB omigod :(
I need a job and to learn to drive but, my fricken health is putting me back. :(
Hi, unfortunately, we're unable to locate your original complaint. :( Pls DM us the product details &amp; we'll get back to you.
I miss my boyfriend :-(
same :-(
ehem haha ala yeke :( its okay then, have fun in kk! jumpa next time, in or maybe
Come home to an empty house and no ape :(
I've been such a shit bestfriend.:(
I'm gonna be so inactive next month :(
Miss :(
:( Well try to do something to keep your mind off all the bad things. We're always here for you
i'VE NEVER SEEN OR FELT SNOW :(
I'm at work :(
I can show you once I get home, but during 1.2 I lost my maps by accident and lost my builds
i dont know huhu tests kasi namin and i didnt finish my AP test :-(
Now I want a hot dog :(
no, they rejected section of the UK govt e-petitions site died :(
I'm so sad. :(
i cant find it :(
Oh no :( What building &amp; suite are you in!?
I wanna cut k but I'm with my friends and they threw me a sleepover party :( so I'm pretending to be ok like usual
leave me alone :(((
praying for you , KHAMIS ... :( ... #Kadhafi
damn forgot about my hot chocolate :(
I'm craving Oreos and milk :(((((
And now that love island has finished I feel like summer has gone :(
i miss you :(
Was just about to push a client your way for some hosting. Maybe I had better wait till next week :(
Im so irking :(
someone say thank u and goodbye to chris for me tomorrow pls :(
i need nate ruess' album :(
I could just really use a hug and maybe some icecream :(
There are a lot of good comics events but they all seem to be for kids :( [part of the Schools program]
Looks more like dog food.... :( ugh!
I miss you so bad :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
aigoo our baby :(
Want to watch paper town :-(((
I just wanna recover :((
:-( poor boy
u guys are together?? :(
i saw one doujin i think of killua getting fucked by ging i was a bit sad cause it didnt show dicks and i was hoping for ginggon :(
My computer has broken and i have to wait until to fix it.i miss so much the twitter and you,guys.All my love..:(
it feels like ytd :((((((
Joe I'm sick can you come round and make me soup ? :(
crying :(
#PDApaghimok
it's the story of our life :( haha look who's talking
I work :( smh
why isn't anyone awake :-((
ya sorry :-(
she's my friend :(
I used to be so flexible :(
This taxi driver is going really fast and I'm scared :(
I bet you are wonder what happened :(
Sheet, its hurt nanaman :(
Need a small lady to walk over my back. So sore.... :((((
i want to meet you :(
Alex fell asleep :(
why won't justin come to Scotland :(
ok I'll write u every week :((
but I have no curves and my tummy is so big.. How do I get flat abs? :(
It looks like. :(
I feel so sick my stomach hurts all I've done is cried all night I can't sleep :(
WAIT ITS GONE. LITERALLY IT IS :(((((
that's a quote tweet :(
cream pinay pie soup :(
this one :(
jadi langsung flasback .. :( dont cry babyy ;("
okay i miss you :((
I can not listen to your album because I live in France :(((((
Some times I like this style :| but now I didn't liked it :(
Feel so sick :(
By all accounts it is meant to hit us by lunch time :(
i miss los :((((((
Pls stop saying rude nicknames that involve me being short im so sick of yall :(
I miss you :(
pls write in english :( i dont understand
but snow is cold and gross and ew it's just a big mess because everyone just scrapes it into piles anyway :(
hey! I went home na. :(
But I'm still hoping :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26
no nigga in dallas looks like that :( sale sare bandar varge
Hammering down here right now......looks set for the day.....:(
:( vidcon :(
Abby :(
I feel like crying for no reasons right now :(
poor them they must be so tired :(
When ur crazy af so you do this but it hurts so much bc u know that this shit aint real and its just edited :(
You will be forever missed &amp; loved lolo. :(
xbsbabnb poor you :(
although my mum asked me to watch it w her but stillllllllllll :((( she hasn't read it yet SHE'D ASK QUESTIONS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE
Working 5 am everyday is exhausting :(
How did I end up in such a state last night :( :( :( :(
tbh i prefer apmas14 idk man theres something not right with this years apmas :(
can u just give 350 to &amp; ill give u 350 + 350 Rts or anything pls :(
why did it? Lmao. I only back out if it gets really really serious....:((
Had wondered why this has not happened earlier? But then I realized, we don't have the leadership to do it! :-( #wakeupGOP
Ah dude :(
I wanna take adams candy and eat it :(
PLEASE watch infinite's mv!!!!!! :(
Can't believe I was too ill to go to work today. Wish I was there :(
same :((((( i hate school U DONT UNDERSTAND i missed a LOT i blame school
like I can't actually put any pressure on my ankle so I have to hop around the house and I just lost my balance and fell over :(
Bull shark :( I am so late!!!! Trafficccccccc
I miss oscar :(
i need translator :(
but last time the one was working :( and their fb is gone too? i haven't checked for a long time lol
because you're asian!!!! ummmm or maybe because ur filmed child pornography, slutshamed, faked suicide,ect. :-(
Poland is not faraway from Germany girls :( I still believe that one day we can meet
good on you! I quit my full time job last week and now can't find another one :(
:( Well, the cookies better be worth it
lmao if I can catch up to the point where I can watch weekly then I'll be ok with that if I make it to 700 &amp; there's 800 eps :(
Those cakes look AMAZING! Can't believe I'm missing it! :(
I keep forgetting you're in the area. :-( but want to visit. Next time xx
makes me want to watch the whole film, then the CGI kicks in (oops, pun) &amp; I start grumbling &amp; turn it off :(
Seeing delph in another kit upsets me :(
miss you too :( ! And haha the x's I still remember how u hate them xxxxx
#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 this is not funny :(((((
We're allowed a cheat MEAL :(
have fun in Osaka, super junior!! :( it would be lovely to watch their comeback stage though
aytona? hala guys get ready na mathird wheel :(( jkjk
Worst day ever :( #pain# ...
can only backtrack 3 hours :( .... it's time to start actually utilizing these lists
so i have to survive another week without my phone :(
i wish :(
pats jay : (
sad story broh :(
uh I was asleep :(
I need my boyfriend rn but he won't answer my callllllls :(
The Icarus 500 awning unfortunately won't fit the 600 size :(
2 bach :(
6 days left :(
please baby follow me :(((
there's nothing to do :-(
I can't feel tomorrow :(
No give work again your old staff come police later my be court. I look another job. :( bye bye.
with landlords like as MP's though that's not going to be easy? :-(
looking at old photos and getting sad :(
oh no :( hope everything is okay.
i want i want i want you to follow me i want i want i want but that's crazy :( please love!(:
its bullshit :(
!! NUGGETS AND FRIES !! :-((
Love Warrior :-(
but too tired to eat :(
daming assignment :(
I'm watching gossip girl and its making me so sad :(
tomorrow :(((
I still really miss my purple hair tie :(
i can't deal with this match unless ishii just fucks everything up :(
Clara and Yiling left me :(
WHATEVER STIL L YOUNG &gt;:-(
last chance :(
SAME :(
is it just me or does it look like she cried? it looks like she cried a bit :(
Come online and follow people :/ What z wrong in me?! Y do u ignore me Sidharth?!?!! :( :(
lol, i'm too lazy to learn ps :((((
don't sleep. I'm here : (
Bad day???:-(
Tagal :(
Oh no Ndabenhle :-( Please let us know why you feel this way? ^SA
I've got one poorly doggy :(
Reply please antagal :(
Windows 7 here :(
well, I'm only on P.41 &amp; 8 pages of notes thus far :-( and I've read twice before
i want all of kylie jenners clothes :(
yes unfortunately I am, I have done the whole troubleshooting of the box too and I'm still having issues :(
I miss those convo's so bad damn :(
Dem free tix to Big Bang concert :(
So youre not gonna guess whats inside my box? :(((
idk :-( maybe because I think boobs are more fun to play with
jahat :(
We're sorry about this :( You'll no longer be able to access the site as you'll automatically be redirected to your local site.
i was mad at gigi in my dream because we were hanging out and she didnt want to talk to me :(
carter: I don't deserve this hate :(
me: and i don't deserve just a single corn chip? I deserve two corn chips?
nnnoooo!!! Cz he's not a daddy gorilla anymore... :(
I still have over 6 hours of work left omg :(
do you have a link? I missed HBM :(
Freaking humidity!! I think I never get used to it even I'm 100% Japanese. :(
School works :(
:( I can no longer admire the consistency of Jason Shackell's hair on the podcast
I envy those people who get to meet and have a picture with Laura, Taylor, Lana, etc. They're so lucky to meet my babies :(
I want both of this sa bday ko :( :( :( ^_^ ^_^ &lt;3
:-( please notice me gonna spam u till u follow me baby
MY kik - twers782 #kik #kikhorny #lesbian #hornykik #girls #countrymusic #hornykik :(
I need hug :(
No words can explain how much i miss you. Hope you know that. :(
oh gfriend is performing rn? :(
ok :-( i only have my d &amp; w hahaahahahaha
SM1 wasn't that bad. I mean, I only got mutilated by a robot that shot through a wall I didn't know could be destroyed...&gt;:(
dare :(
Good morning, Twitter friends! Hope you all have an amazing day! So freakin tired, need more sleep :(
haestarr: im just :((
I wish I was there to help :(
it was good as always Flying back today though :(
Why do I need to have a car that functions as a car :(
I wish Twitter would support audio recordings. I would send yall snippets, these are amazing :(
Et Brotherhood of Steel ? :(
:-( please notice mefd
Missing Diana :(
The master has figured out how to turn led into gold, we're doomed :(
i want to pull an all nighter but i'm so sleepy already :(
All I ever wanna do is sleeep :( but they won't let mee
Oh am I not allowed to vote for the teen choice awards?? :(( It said I'm out of the area
all I want is for my icon to be a selfie of Jack and I :((
:-( please notice meowkd
Twitter is turning so much complicated. Can't find the trends now. :(
you're right. I'm very tired :( good night my Ally. I love you
I wish I had the channel to watch it :( I usually watch it online but I don't have a laptop anymore:/
rude :(
Again, I would just want people to understand your busy, daily schedule c'mon, guys. I barely even get 5 hours of sleep :-(
:((( no they killed him
I think shes busy :(
Swimmer's ear kasi :(
What do you want for your bday? Answer please Idk leh :( :b
yeahhh ...:( tht corner will b remembered always only coz of gg...:( n bb didnot show ths clip in episode:(
it's released online but not on the album that I know of :(
:-( please notice me h
thank you I wanna change my avi but uSanele :("
Sad day for Nathan :(
noo sad times :( Ruby will have to replace you as the shuffling act
i got so excited when micha rt or fave my tweet why am i such a creep :-(
Does anyone wanna be my friend, i'm just a lonely girl from England who is bored as hell throughout the summer holidays.. :(
Home alone again :(
Whose idea was it to ave TRIPLE business lectures on a Friday afternoon from 2-5? :(
Until when? :(
that's a damn lie :(
I'm not allowed to give blood :(
Then about six months ago, bottom jaw, second tooth from the back broke a quarter... on all things, chewing gum! :(
how did i go to sleep at 12 last night but rn im up :(
:-( please notice me
No, it's not just you. Twitter have decided to take that feature away :-(
I'm okay, just tired and I planned to go out today but it's raining :( how are you?
Thats why they been pushing emoji, I give Sony five :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-(
is it too late? :( #Followmeaaron
tzelumxoxo ! I dont really used line because is at my ipod :-(((( i used whatsapp more actually !!!
buy me something to drank then cause we have nothing :(
i slept all day and now i can't sleep :(
:-( please notice mew
, some people :((
How r u?
it wasn't indicated on the SMS I received. :(
you got regular :((((
My KIK : oulive70748 #kik #kikmenow #photo #babe #loveofmylife #brasileirao #viernesderolenahot :(
I feel u :(
Longmorn 30 y.o. supposed to be a replacement to Tobermory 32 y.o. but... Beginning is strong, tail is missing :(
Waiting for love me recuerda tanto a Bath :((
where has the sun gone?? :(
He dies in the movie :(
Shit.. I suggest na suck it up muna :( I know its hard, but being a nurse is more important right?
:( whats the issue?!
hrryok: the fact that harry still hold his moms hand :( :( :(
And the much awaited excitement is all down now! going to be a boring friday and weekend :(
:( why am I not asleep
baby :(
HP and The Cursed Child. Not a book but a Play. :(
When ur crazy af and u want to hurt urslef by editing stuff lime this and u know this shit aint real :(
oMG WE R THE SAME HAHAH :(( omg debut mo na next year :(((
I wish I could meet the boys one day :(
I try not to keep it in the house any more. Used to buy truckloads but not doing miss 13 any favours, so no more :(
This is it :-(
some of the best spectator sailing UK this w'end but BBC just showing highlights :( flying foiling AC45 catamarans
if it was you maybe but its not :(
GUYS add my KIK - pely829 #kik #kikmenow #fuck #model #amateur #elfindelmundo #sextaatequemfimseguesdvcomvalentino :(
could you pls take care of the servers befor you send that? We have no value in it, as long as we can't get in :(
my lovely baby, sweet cinnamon you are the best :(
Comfort me. :(
MTAP tomorrow which means I have to sleep early tonight. :-(
penge bestfriend :( #PSYGustoKita
Frozen bagus emang? :(
I wish I could dm you cute things :( (preferably cute kittens and puppies)
I still have to get a paper from engg then go back to cmc then OUR before maging okay :((
that's kind of a dumb statement because who LIKES moodswings?? it's like making a tweet saying "I hate terminal diseases :(" like wow unique
Slow news day! :-(
:-( please notice men
you should have watched with us :(
Regret and regret :((
Even though I have seen the whole of Peep Show multiple times, nothing could have prepared me for Netflix removing series 1 -7... why :(
That's what she said! .... :(
is there any other way for me to get the bandana?:((
Hi there, oh no :( Let's take a look at this for you, please chat to us here
that sad moment when u r leaving in two days :(
:-( please notice mef
Did your rebound run away already??? POOOOOOOOOR YOU :((((((
lol we did it at 2am last night. My face though? People think I'm perpetually pissed off or sad b/c of my resting bitchface. :(
:-( missing all the fun
:-( please notice me z
Only a few people have wished my birthday. :(
:( The world is awful.
I Let You Down And Now I Feel Like Complete Shit. :(
Uh huh :( Two times, because I'm super clever like that
:( bitch you really went?
When fave unfollows :(
I really want to visit iceland :(
#Zayn_Come_Back_We_Miss_You &lt;3 &lt;3 :( SO MUCH
Starving :-(
bc I am feeling very creepy today : ) // pmsl. mianhe, milkeu :(
I wanna meet the boys :(
the internet is being a total bitch : (
lrT bambam likes those sodas too :((( we were meant to be :((((
1 More :(
i wish i could go shopping but my whole weekend is taken up :(( it's annoying
the people i usually stay up with are all asleep wtf :(
cheer up :-(
Payback for liking your videos and trying to help you get kit kats? :(
I'm not even tired :-(
So no one about to come smoke with me? :(
87000 jobee delivery pls :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BES! Enjoy your day beb. I love you! Miss you sooooo muchie :( See you soon sana!
CUTIE :(((
always fall asleep so early when I'm texting someone :(
All it says is 'No IceCream available' :(
When she asked to go to the bathroom :-( I'm really enjoying the show though.
i lagg so much on certain people :(
I need to clear my head :(
my baby went back to sleep &amp; now I'm bored :-(
ughh i got nothing but pain :(
Laper banget !! :(
Naw :( Deep Dreamed my novel hoping there'd be invisible page beasts scuttling around but there's just worm tracks
bauuuuuuuukkk :(
too bad you guys cant attend today's Music Bank :(
worried :-(((((((((((
Its mine.... damnnn fineeeeeeeee omaigoshhhhhhh can I have you :((((
They didn't care that I was a Muslim :(
no it's not :(
When Jessica calls and quits on power abs at 5:15 :-(
She lost us, her friends... :( she's the one who started the argument.
hope you're having fun at vidcon!! rlly bummed i couldnt go :(( love you sunshine
yepp.. I'm getting bore :(
last night was so good :(
Can you follow me ? :(
feelin ' Sick :((
If you want a biscuit slathered in chocolate, it's definitely taxed. Boo. :(
From our investigations the answer is 'no'. Especially when the pups die within the free insurance period :(
it jsut ended, :(
My heart hurts real bad :(
how awful :(
FOLLOW ME PLS!:(
But if I'm being realistic.... :(
my beloved grandmother : (
I am not a happy Princess today :( sighs
But I will get some work done
~ Purple Princess Edits ~
Babeeeee :((( you're so demn hotaisndonwyvauwjoqhsjsnaihsuswtf
something wrong :(
No words can explain the way i missing you :(((
I think need 2 years training to beat the record sia :(
Nirame ya geng :( (with fikri, Anna, and 6 others at Tirtagangga Hotel)
Char im really sick :(( one *font size 8* minion float *font size 12* for the sick kid pls :((
bestfriend like Ed plsss :(
#RIPRishikeshwari.
Your soul rest in peace.
no I don't :(. I just unfollowed like 300 people cause following over 1k people was difficult
when you don't have enough time to listen to all your artists' music :-(
Take me to ice creamist pleaseeeee!:(
No. And it's always going to be a terrible time. :(
:-( It's not a challenge though. Please check our FB page for entries and rather do a substitution. Thanks!
I can't even see Hyungwon :(
tELL HIM TO PLS EAT MORE :-(((
Thats life. I get calls from people I havent seen in 20 years and its always favours : (
omg :( every time I would complain about my skin to my mom she was all "everyone gets pimples" like NO they don't. although she
#letsFootball #atk greymind43: BREAKING NEWS: Chris Gayle says he will be out of cricket for 2-3 months due to back surgery. :( #CPLT20 #CP
i miss hannah montana and that's so raven sooo much :-(((
i want to rt :(
is he gonna be okay i love him :(
awh :-( but you have to stay
Last full night in Greece :( OPUS Inner Pleasure
very disappointing to hear this, especially have just invested in one :-(
yes :( but we have a BBQ to attend
it didn't work :(
Three 190s in a row?! Where is my 33 :(
My throat hurts so bad what do I do? :(
Lolliver!!!!! :(
Im watching disney channel by myself :(
Nobody is picking the one on the right :(
Can someone gift me :( #CalibraskaEP I NEED IT SO BAD
Lol just got split so hard. Lol single single split collat spilt single single spilt single split single single collat. :(
i hope you feel better, jay. :(
Yes many times :(
.#QuitKarwaoYaaro
STU DEACTVATED :(
very disappointed :( never ever been lucky from your handle. #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede
hello !!! i need 2.5 off g2a code pls :(
THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS
SHEREP NEMEN NG BEHEY KE :(
Should i deactivate my acc? :( #OTWOLGrandTrailer
still sad that they kicked out the epic motherfucker :(
I really want another tattoo :(
someone get mads a reece vm tomorrow please!!!! she's never had one :(
Deth Deth Dont Leave Me :(
so true :-(
let's go for # cast your vote for #GOT7 today
:((((((((((((((((((((((((
Can someone hug me pls? :((((((
omg :( not gonna happen , yeah we wish..
:( at lest you have the GP to get you through it ^_^
aww :( catch them at the departure then!
it apparently isnt :(
i miss those days :( #ToothSensitivity.
it's unavailable now :(
you mean we can't wipe them out? :-(
Just found out my flight home is 13 hours long :(((((((
UGH YUCK :( make sure you rest the next two days then
omg so sad then on your birthday sorry i didnt send something ystrday ill do it later cuz i dont have my phone now :(((
seolhyun isnt in these first eps because shes filming a drama :((
sorry :(
I always get like 5 4-piece spicy nuggets :(
im sooo hungry though :(
thigh cramps :-(
To my fellow morning owls, surely you have noticed the sun already rising a bit later...sign that winter is coming :(
Nowhere near being tired :(
Too hot :(
dude :( I'm scared lol
Raining the whole day in Mumbai. Dont feel like working at all. :(
Best get me and my little lady out of our pj's need to go wallpaper for me mom :( really cba today
yes pls far i need it :(
didn't even know it could get hotter than this fml :(
Aw bless you, this made me smile! I'm missing you too :(
Hi,life :(
I was not in the mood the whole day :-(
Almost done with parks and rec :( lol
are u coming back? :(
Hi there, we're sorry to hear this :( Log in here: you'll be able to see all the information you need.
goTDAMN :-(
I want my phone baaack :(((
BE HONEST. do you miss Dubai? because Dubai misses you and we want you to come back :(
We finally get Star Driver in SRW and it's a mobage :(
being sad for no reason sucks because u dunno how to stop being sad so u just gotta chill in ur room and listen to music &amp; b alone :(
If you have streaming passes for Melon, please stream as much as you can. # 's Digitals are so #Bad :(
snapchat - JannyGreen18 #snapchat #kiksex #hot #teen #lgbt #goodmusic #sexcams :(
Aw :( *strokes*
I first saw GnR opening for Alice Cooper before they were famous. We partied backstage; no Alice r Slash. :(
tagged by i'm sorry i have A LOT of music so you prolly don't know half of it :( also
24 hours not enough :(
awww poor bunny. :(
Stress let me go. :(
i wish for bloopers :((((
no no i love u most and fuck i know :(
yeah :(
$20 is nothing though :(
Aww I've already left!! I would have come and said hey if I had have seen it sooner :( Have a good night! X
How weird :( ^^
Sr. Financial Analyst - Expedia, Inc.: (#Bellevue, WA) #Finance #ExpediaJobs #Job #Jobs #Hiring
seriously :(
Tried to make prison style alcohol, failed badly and ended up with a massive dose of the shits.... :(
not fair he still looks so cute how :(
hi!!!!!! love u :( :(
Overly attached. :((((
I.M's voice :( lord help
i want that bandana and bottle set huhuh :((
I can't sleep bc heartburn :-(
Meet Steven the only kid who listens to me :(
I'm so fucking jealous of everyone on holiday :(
Terrible thing about doin yoga or working out. Once you stopped and start again...awalmu njareeeeem :(
Nooooooooo her last day is today :(
I care about Maggie but she is a psycho bitch I want to kill myself and take a two day vacation off twitter :( wahhh
Really not looking forward to work tonight though :(
I miss abudhabi :(
Going home blues this am :-( but back on MONDAY #hibye for social action plans #ShareYourSummer
Being a pro soccer play would be so cool :(
i Wish But b8 Too Strong :(
Hey girl you must.be a dairy produxt because I want you but I can't have you I am lactose intolerant. :(
#Midlands Yes thanks for the depressing weather forecast, where the word 'rain' was mentioned several times :-(
Why am I crying?! :(
You'll be this old one day..... :(
literally spent all day yesterday sleeping on and off in bed, and I'm still absolutely fucking knackered today :((
this new Sandra Bland footage is really the icing on the cake.. heartbreaking how they dragged her lifeless body from the police car :(
i knowwwww :(
We're sorry you feel this way Shell :( We regularly review our pricing to offer the best we can.
Sorry to hear this Jess :( The quickest way is to call +44 7782 333 333 or we can add this to your account within 72 hours:
Pengen boxing :( (at
girlll did u hear abt the possibly tsunami for us in West Indies?? Im in my island im afraid lol :((
I don't have you on snap :(
would love to see her w/Nick but if she picks no one I waisted TV time. &amp; they never work out anyway. :(
Hulk Hogan in the news for a racial tirade :( I thought he couldnt stoop lower than his role in Thunder in Paradise
SORRY FOR FORGETTING THIS VERY IMPORTANT DAY HUHU FIGHT ME IM SO SO SO SORRY :(
Breaking the habit of a lifetime... I'm about to play a Call of Duty game.. :(
I apologize for annoying you so much on snapchat :(
Adults just take all the things too serious. Really miss when I was kid :(
The facade of democracy has dropped so quickly :(
I am a confused brat. :(
Someone come over and I'll make popcorn and watch movies just pls cuddle me :(
Finally home. Been driving since 5am :(
tb in mr o's class :(
Bade fursat se usey banaya hai usey uppar waale ney. Afsos humse dur hai wo :(
oh really :( i saw a few gif posts and some had seen really happy about it, but maybe it's people who'd be happy with any naruhina
you can't :(
Thats an English nameeee :(( Haiqal isnt an English name but you remember him
i want that but i dont have paypal :(
And that's how my 360hrs of "summer" ends..... HUHUHU I WILL MISS PICC A LOT :(((((
my heart hurts :(
my instore card expired in June &amp; I havent been sent a new one :(
MCountdown pre-voting is begin, we are at 5th place :(
I felt bad when Irene forgot what she was going to say :(
wow that's great! What's your username? :(
Minho still injured ,, :( ,, get well Oppa
we miss you &lt;3
they can't even deliver ice cream. I tried twice, all the ice cream vans are busy :(
i want durian strudel :(.
VIDCON :((
GUYS add me on SNAPCHAT - AmargoLonnard #snapchat #kikmeboys #sexy #french #dirtykik #newmusic #sexcams :(
u change u say i change tsk :(
Damn.. I wish I could just sleep :(
Like why did you have to join the marines? :-(
I'm sad yall thought it was real :(
i'm not going :( kailan ba? may tix ka?
you've already killed me tho. :(
Hotel for Dogs was pretty sad too where the brother &amp; sister got separated :(
Missing that cute someone la!! :(
PAYDAY, but feels like payhour as its all gone to my bills immediately :(
lmao :( most natural hair I've seen is ugly I swear
Nope :( Best place to get it first is to pre-order on Amazon:
I was there on the Sunday for a little while. Not been able to get up much this year, busy :( all looked great tho!
you don't fwm :(
what's wrong?:((
I miss my guppy. :-(
It just doesn't go away... you must go to the dentist. :( #poorKid
Thanks - lack of time is a problem, isn't it :(
When you get misunderstood :(
when ur cat is super nice and cuddly but then suddenly scratches and tries to bite :(
like who can i trust anymore
I hit my thumb :(.
we almost got to see his cute ankles but his socks :(
Honestly at this point I don't care about compensation. I just want to be able to play BF again. :(
that song is not on here :(
awwwww my baby :(
I couldn't sleep last night n it didn't help me waking up at 8 this morning n my phone wasn't even charged :(
please can you tell everyone why you didnt go to vidcon :(
I need to like, tell myself na, na okay lang :((((
follow back :(
my heart is currently torturing itself :( lol wat
female student killed in some caste love kirkiri :(
I've run out of bread and I don't feel well enough to make any. :(
I had a dream of you :(
:( Broken hearted? That's just a phase. Don't worry, you can do it!!
stop being sour :( it doesn't suit you
wonho reminds me of someone &gt;:( i just cant put my finger to it
wont be in work today, feel so ill :( i have a tummy bug xx
Last day on the beach :-(:-(:-(....
RAIN :(
Visual Studio 2015? it just got out. switched to it already and broke a lot of code :(
seriously this is unfair some are not asking questions! There are ready to answer and win :( ='( while we busy asking questions!!
Mission bear: failed again :(
:-( ugly af :-(
PAP of your spirit animal? no i dont have :(
I totally ship #danzell, I'm crafting that I can't go to vidcon, I would sell my soul to the devil to just get a hug from Dan and Phil. :(
Because they hate me | :(
he's gona miss Sheff Utd/York probably waiting for a visa which leaves gim with 1 friendly. Bet he starts season on the bench :(
BUT WHO WILL LEAD US WHEN YOU'RE GONE :((
what a mess :(
irony is its more harmful .. :(
I miss you so much more :( xxx
no motivation :(
but that is the point. Because it is YOLO I sort of die when lactose is in me... Ugh like 3 months pregnant bloating :(
Really sorry I cant find the image you have mentioned :(
Im not getting ollys tweet notifications :(
going home tomorrow :-(
Too bad I'm poor :(
your team killed me :(
no way!! :(
i'm so inactive :(
:( the world where alternis kills himself is really sad because they leave that place and everyone there just has to die
is everyone gonna be talking abt rat boy today bc :((
Why on earth did I assume it wouldn't rain in London? Most likely influenced by overall warm and dry past weeks in continental Europe :(
I remember when Fab Four had a 24 hour call, Damn I miss that so much :(
r u sure u want that b r u h we barely survive w them in tank tops :((
so thirsty :((
what is a konami policy about PES PC version ?! what happen ?! why all Version are not same ?! :(((
doesn't have the sound effects :(
I Blame Rantie For All Of This :(
ummmm ok? this is a new development :(
You guys are never on :( Aw sorry we're really bust atm.. Shall be back soon
bad :( I don't like it. This video is too many perverse.
first time to go to school without my bracelets :(( it feels odd
I can't fall back asleep :(
IM NOT UNTIL THE TWINS FOLLOW ME BACK BYLFNNZ :(
that is unfair ..why u should banned our all film in Pakistan :(
I want one :(
Feel sick :(
Hmmm 10 mins to get my train and I'm currently about 15 mins away :( #failsatlife
I'm so hungry :(
I want it to be my birthday already :(
Completely agree. The press won't :(
Im super duper tired :(
Having boring time :( don't know what to do.....
ill be on soon, I PROMISE :(
waaah
I wanna change my avi but uSanele :(
MY PUPPY BROKE HER FOOT :(
where's all the jaebum baby pictures :((
But but Mr Ahmad Maslan cooks too :(
As a Hull supporter I am expecting a misserable few weeks :-(
