#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
Hey James! How odd :/ Please call our Contact Centre on 02392441234 and we will be able to assist you :) Many thanks!
we had a listen last night :) As You Bleed is an amazing track. When are you in Scotland?!
CONGRATS :)
yeaaaah yippppy!!! my accnt verified rqst has succeed got a blue tick mark on my fb profile :) in 15 days
This one is irresistible :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
We don't like to keep our lovely customers waiting for long! We hope you enjoy! Happy Friday! - LWWF :)
On second thought, theres just not enough time for a DD :) But new shorts entering system. Sheep must be buying.
Jgh , but we have to go to Bayan :D bye
As an act of mischievousness, am calling the ETL layer of our in-house warehousing app Katamari.
Well as the name implies :p.
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :) -
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Perfect, so you already know what's waiting for you :)
Great new opportunity for junior triathletes aged 12 and 13 at the Gatorade series! Get your entries in :)
Laying out a greetings card range for print today - love my job :-)
Friend's lunch... yummmm :)
#Nostalgia #TBS #KU.
it is the id conflict thanks for the help :D here's the screenshot of it working
Hi liv :))
Hello I need to know something can u fm me on Twitter?? sure thing :) dm me x
#FollowFriday for being top new followers in my community this week :)
I've heard the Four Seasons is pretty dope. Penthouse, obvs #Gobigorgohome
Have fun y'all :)
Yeah I suppose she was lol! Chat in a bit just off out x :))
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
- :)))) haven't seen you in years
Thank you! :-)
hope the rest of your night goes by quickly... I am off to bed... got my music fix and now it is time to dream :)
Spiritual Ritual Festival (Npal)
Beginning of Line-up :)
It is left for the line-up (y)
See more at:...
Hey Sarah! Send us an email at and we'll help you asap :)
lols. :D
MY kik - hatessuce32429 #kik #kikme #lgbt #tinder #nsfw #akua #cumshot :)
come to my house :)))))
#nsn_supplements, Effective press release distribution with results! :) [link removed] #PressRelease #NewsDistribution
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x46
everyone watch the documentary Earthlings on YouTube :-)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
#FollowFriday for being top supports in my community this week :)
buuuuuuuut oh well :-)
I am looking forward to visiting next week #letsgetmessy Jo :-)
if it makes u feel better i never have nor will see anyone in kpop in the flesh :D
Good for you, girl!! Best wishes :-)
A great enough reason to listen to one epic soundtrack. :D
Thank you for the shout out. Have a great Friday :)
I added a video to a playlist im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 4
Would love to see you dear in #Jordan :) waiting you! :)
oh, okay :D thanks!
like how to fake gameplays ;) haha Im kidding, im kidding. You do good stuff :).
yeah exactly :)
Our new product line is in our #etsy shop now! Check it out :) #boxroomcrafts
I hope your vacation is going great! :D
they are rechargeable and it normally comes with a charger when u buy it :)
#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
Well she's asleep and I have no one to talk to sooo someone text me :)
Yes, I suppose. I bet he'll have a blue fit after hearing her speech today. Pity :-)
Green gardens, midnight sun, beautiful canals dasvidaniya till next visit.:)
are you scouting SG for a future WLAN pros conference here in Asia? :)
Good for u, better change it to lollipop :).
We &lt;3 u Nez :) #AGNEZMO
Follow me Please :) This is my Big Dream :)
oley be :D
Mama is the only reason why I stand stronger up to now! :)"
follow &amp; follow u back :)
OH MY GOD MISTY, MY BABY IS SO CUTE!!! :D
I love blue :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
Woohoo! Can't wait :) Have you signed up yet, or still thinking about it? MKa
i have liam access now :))
most welcome :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
you shouldn't be surprised...you have an amazing figure :)
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
#HappyBirthdayEmilyBett :) Wishing you all the best you beautiful,sweet,talented,amazing
2 plans for the day down the drain great :):
gotta love timezones :p
are your parents proud of you lol, not in the least :D maybe sometimes they get happy because of my grades, al...
Grande :)
Manila_bro has chosen to follow me on Twitter! Thanks for the follow :)
sure let me know when you're around..at this side of the world #eh u too take care :-)
#FollowFriday for being top new followers in my community this week :)
finally the fucking weekend :)
REAL :)
thanks :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x45
YES! I Joined #HushedCallWithFraydoe for a call &amp; gift from &lt;3 Gotta Get :D
yeahhh :)
can I DM you &amp; make your night better :)))
just joined the #HushedPinWithSammy Event :D Might get to Text with for a day! Luv U
Would really appreciate it if you share this video around :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
oh wow!! That is beautiful tom :)
Love You :))
I added a video to a playlist im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 3
#FollowFriday for being top supports in my community this week :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Gym Monday can't wait :). Likes
Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)
Those friends know themselves :)
waiting for nudes :-)
go sleep u ! :)))))))))
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
My birthday is a week today! :D
I want you're T-shirts ! They are so cool ! :D
haw phela if am not looking like Mom obviously am looking like him :)
prince charming on stage :) x
i have really good luck :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
tylers hipster glasses :D
Hey Marty !! Glad to see on Twitter. :)
Hi we will be joining you again today :)
done thanks :-)
Its already afternoon, lets read Al Kahfi before the day finish :)
OhmyG! yaya dub im done doing to stalk your ig accnt.. GONDOOO MOO TOLOGOOO :) HAHA
Here's your invite to become a Scope influencer :) Details here:
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
thanks :) zzz xx
Physiotherapy Friday is my hashtag for today. Custom! :-)
you know I will Monica and I miss you to, yeah sounds good to me :)
"Good morning, beautiful :)" That's all it takes.
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x43
oh yeah?? I am definitely going to try it tonight then! :) we took your advice too! We are in Treviso now!
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Fine,
...Have a gorgeous Friday, friend!!..; xo..-:))
Oven roasted garlic in olive oil, sun dried tomatoes, some dried basil, and century tuna :)
Right back atchya! Have a great day everyone :)
but doesn't even follow back :-)
The future is almost here then :)
#FollowFriday for being top new followers in my community this week :)
No chance :)
cheers :)
go po for ice cream :))
I agree 100% :)
hehehehe thats the point :p
next time just stay home :)
thanks :)
#FollowFriday for being top supports in my community this week :)
it will be up soon, i promise :)
Web Whatsapp volta a funcionar com iPhone jailbroken. :-)
(I plan on watching it later) at 34 mins Leia appears as a hologram from R2D2 w a message for Obi Wan as he sits w Luke :)
Inter 3 UCL, Arsenal... Small team, Right! :)
Just passing by :) Dewsbury Railway Station (DEW) - in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire)
:) its 430 am smh
it's 9:25 am here :) I live in Scotland :) it's strange to imagine what?- Megan xx
#MasaanToday
#MasaanToday
A4.... Shweta Tripathi
#MasaanToday
#MasaanToday
-.:-) .-..,
5. Over 20 W kurtas! And my Mom has about half the number I have :D #WSaleLove
Ah! Hello back Larry! :)
Anyway my Friday is looking kinda gooood :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Lol. Well. That's life :) thank God it enn you
surely this could be your warmup this morning ??? Coming on 15th to Bath :) xx
Dum Dum Andar - Ram Sampath, Sona Mohapatra &amp; Samantha Edwards Mein Tulane to razi razi, Wah! That's Josh :)
:) always smile
picture. :)
Thanks again, your time 16.20 right? That's perfect timing for me here :).
#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
i know :))
#GiveItUp We have already given up our gas subsidy long back when this initiative was proposed.. Feeling so delighted having done that!! :)
I missed this yesterday!! :-)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x42
lmaoo! The best songs ever &lt;3 We shall have our own little throwback this week (y) :p
then go to the outlying islands, such as Cheung Chau, Mui Wo....totally different :))
#KFCkitchentours Kitchen is so clean. I'm totally amazed :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
on the cusp of testing the waters, hope yours is rewarding :)
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
arummzz: Let's go... I'll drive for you :p
#traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood
Anyone wanna skype me? :D
may i look so, bit i am a real nice friendly girl :-)
Im not like them. But i can pretend~ :)
watching where we are concert film :)
Congratulations you're the winner to our #CheesyDelights contest :)
Please DM us your address and contact number!
:) Have a great weekend guys!
#FollowFriday for being top new followers in my community this week :)
it was cool seeing you film today! :)
Check out Email Marketing 24/7: you won't regret if you buy it :)
LOL. Come join us ... See u in around 14 hours if u leave now, without delays. :)
Actually very easy doing like this, it must be a station I guess where the train 'wd take at least an hour for shifting its engine etc :-)
sunburn is peeling :-)
Visit my blog thanks :D
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
then talk to me. I can help you :)
A Huge &amp; Warm Welcome to :-))"
finally we complete the triangle !
I live in Northern Ireland. :) what sights have you seen?
follow &amp; follow u back :)
#FollowFriday for being top supports in my community this week :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
feeling smthng smthng fr u...lol...wanna hug u....XOXO...love uu jaann take care :* :)) &lt;3 :")
thanks mom :)
Thanks #TopNewFollowers Happy to connect :)
that is the just most wonderful thing, it's made me feel all fluffy inside. Great pirouette, Moose :D
I have a trip to philly in December so after that :) I'd love to come out there dude.
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x41
The question is flawed. Pain doesn't negate strength :)
You went solo because these moves weren't being made :D
hey my fav nirvana song is smells like teen spirit rip amy winehouse :-)))))
#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
Let's go... I'll drive for you :p
#traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood
did we name the couple yet?? #TomHiddleston #ElizabethOlsen ?? #yaytheylookgreat :))
I love you all goodnight. Vid going up when I wake up you all with love this one :)
This weekend I am gonna shoot the lovely again &lt;3! Here a picture I made of her last time :D
anyway :-)
Itty Bitty Teenie Bikini :)
I just joined the #HushedPinWithSammy Event :D Might get to Text with for a day! Luv U
Always so much fun when 4th hour gets together. :)
Ending the night with ice cream and Xfiles.
Content.
easy :D
yes, be surprised if we don't see a bit of rain today... :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
To all have a fabulous Friday and keep up the fantastic work!! :))
can you please follow me please jb follow me I love you always and forever. I'm a belieber :) I love u
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
Morning all! :)
good to hear :)
Nighty night! Don't let the bed bugs bite :D
Very beautiful this bracelet! good idea :)
waiting for you at the foundry. Where you at?? :)
I like that game :)
Ah! Now it makes sense... Didn't see the pic on my effing phone last night. Woot :) x
Hi Derek, you could try using ParkShare in Gloucestershire :)
Aaaahhh man, this track is a traffic stress reliever. :)
#FollowFriday for being top new followers in my community this week :)
How're you today my dear? :)
I hear you guys want Arbeloa. :D
turning 17 in 15 days...omg. at least we have only 3 years difference :)
Well, they say Europe is on the rise again, but I find that hard to believe :)
#WSaleLove uncountable coz we love unlimited :)
Yes, of course :) #TeamPositive
yes i love :-) #AlDub
:) Thank you Rita!
Hi there, could you please DM us further info and we'd be happy to help! :)
on way my boy! :)
I hope you will get a lot of nice gifts :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x40
#FollowFriday for being top supports in my community this week :)
So True!! :)
I added a video to a playlist im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 3
Sethi was HIGH ??? :)
exe skeem saam :)
These are the people who make me smile. :)
Thanks for the invite. :)
polite izzat :)
wese does she trust him? khawateen k sath selfies say to mana kar deya :)
Thank you that's my Friday evening sorted :-)
you smart :)))
:-) nice hair tbh
5 years :)
jacob will there be a m&amp;g upgrade??:-)
Nice tee man :)
Happy family vacation .. :D [pic]
some sleep would be nice :-)
If you're reading this, you're beautiful.
Like this if you just read this :)
Talking to One person .... Having Two Conversations :))))))))
skype was fun :-)
should be online :)
...because it's Friday :D (y)
#FollowFriday for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
Something to get your #Friday off to a great start :) Have a great day all! #Mclaren #FridayFeeling #TGIF
follow &amp; follow u back :)
square enix bissmillah ya Allah :)
we're training #SocEnt startups at this week w/ - we'd love to have you drop in if youre arnd town :)
Basically you piss in a cup and they test it :)))
where are you off to next? :)
also, Twitter is terrible for complicated discussions :)
Snapchat me : LynetteLowe #snapchat #kikmenow #snapme #hot #snapchat #amazon #kikmeguys :)
I am not looking forward to a 12 hour shift today :))))))
definately agree that it's a growing sport. Drop me an email with details and we can see what we can do :-)
My last rt is me :)
...and the Rakyat will keep visiting your blog and reading your writing :)
ever since I mentioned fly fishing the other day I'm getting follows and promoted posts about it lol cyber stalked! :-)
#OurDaughtersOurPride #mypapamypride Proud of You Papa Coach :)
it was great talking to you :D
never see positive kha u could also mention atleast they are going :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x39
The mango lassi's from Monty's are marvellous :D. Though I suspect that's not what you meant....
#FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)
Haha. Yes. I have 24 hrs. The time has come to touch the Kepler 452b. Chalna hai ?? :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
thankyou pretty! :)
definitely the Hazel Food Market in Brooklyn, Pta :) &gt;&gt;
still awake :))))
okayy :D
Awww thank you :)
ha! That does not surprise me in the least! Okay but will see doc this afternoon. Yorkshire is splendid though! :) xx
spam folder: WOW! I have won a huge amount of $ I just need to travel to Nigeria to claim it :)
RTed! Good Luck :)
My legs hurt so bad :))))))))))))))))))
I get mine Saturday :-))))
thaaanks! December puhon. :))
happinessss~!! :))
True that. Can you change TnC without prior notification? I could have used them last night. :-)
and I probably only find this funny at 2:22 am :-)
Fat cos he probably ate Yuna :D :D :D
Have fun in Tameside :))
what :-) did :-) i :-) do :-?
youre welcome!! :)
My Google+ account. :)
and they call scousers for everything! Hope you and Zoe are well mate :)
RIGHT!!!!!! I literally was like maybe u should get people who actually know what they're doing :-)
|| Sameee~
Rest well :)
happy birthday Edgar! I hope you have a good one and keep updating your travel log :)
Hello :D
bring Abes :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
someone talk to me :))
i will never be the same if we ever meet again :D
come on man :D :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x38
*sighs dreamily at that pout and those 'come to bath' eyes!* :-) #quacketyquack
happy birthday love :)
Cheers :-)
Funny how that happened when Phil was here too : )
I'd call 'em Del &amp; Rodders :) What else!
Hi, may you like play my newest gamejam game, i would be very happy about it :)
This is great! Irish literature is really inaccessible to most of us without Irish :)
yeah! This is fun :) #FlipkartFashionFriday
Nice music :) Check it out!
Strange Kareena's Fans Not Knowing Kareena's Fans :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
better :)
Cool. Will look for you there. :)
:)) beautiful
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
That's fair enough :) I wouldn't rush back either.
Brandi 18 on my FB DROP A SELFIE :) was fun
follow &amp; follow u back :)
During a carnival men put masks over their masks. Xavier Forneret :-)
Jennifer, Check my site if u wanna get FREE 50.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)
Beautiful edit, Trish! :) Loved it!
Gratefulness = Happiness :) Post three things you're grateful for today in the comments
Love to wakeup beside her &amp; have some real dirty,dirty sex :-)
LMAOOO SAME its so hot like louis :) he's so hot !!!!!!!!
Just gonna throw idea at you cause if they're bad it will inspire you to think of something much better. :-)
#FF The Best Twoofs to follow have a GR8 wkend :)
I wish I could! Maybe one year :)
hey guys! how are you ? :)
I think I need to go to bed kind of exhausted good night twitter :)
Thank you so much.. So glad you liked it.. :-)
It will all get better in time. :)
Kind words - thank you very much! It's that does so much good in the #Cheltenham area :)
Hi beautiful follow me please? :) $9
They werent kale crisps :-) Why ruin a good thing?
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x37
Open Worldwide :)
get the fuck outta here :D
Cool down guys. It's #SFVBeta, not release. They work on it. :)
It really looks Vantastic :)
Today I finally have time to work on Xcylin again :D
Thank you. So if its a bundle shows the internet price no phone than realisticly only paying for Net?:)
:) True Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world,"Nelson Mandela
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Most recent trip to J&amp;K; totally loved it :D
And that's 'Chenab' there which flows into Pakistan.
#incredibleindia
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior! :)
Caught my first salmon today :D
- happy Friday! Just checking in to see if you enjoyed our Super-Blend? :)
Thanks for following! Do get in touch if you'd like any more info about our project: :)
Please go check out my awesome friend's stream at ! He's a fantastic artist. :)
My Alma Mater :) #HighSchoolDays #ClientVisit :) Faith Christian School
Good luck to #LizaMinnelli for her upcoming UK appearances :-)
Lol really? I can't believe a beautiful girl like you are single :p
I will never be listening to The Hills every again :-)
why would you listen to Beats 1? What went wrong in your life? :)
Haha that's great :)
Getting everything ready for my Natural Pefumery Workshop at Neals Yard, Covent Garden - tomorrow :)
fback :) indo harmos
just Americano :)
Why am I up :-))
i LOVE the way you are :) &lt;3
ALWAYS Remember :)
Aww! Thank you. Beautiful pic :D
heads up! :)
Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" .Plz let us know what u think :)
Smart, handshome, cute juga :D
hurray! Looking forward to meeting you too :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
cause hate my course lol but I cant decide what I want to change to so Im just going to take some time off, save $$, maybe travel :)
It's on my to do list if I'm still at the show :)
you too :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Oh awesome, thank you so much! :)
you're perfect. :)
Hiya, if you email our web exec, she will be able to help you. :)
:) enjoy photos from before/when my mom was a baby
BIG thx 4 the kind support GOOD LUCK!! :-)
"Chinas actually a girl.
That or a homosexual."
"But we will love him/her either way."
#HyungBot
cause i likes him a Lot :)
give me some time fam, I got some things in mind :-)
Thanks God it's friday :) #jgh.
how lovely! :)
#timetunnel 1982?. Not quite sure if my radio is set at heart :)
Hiii Jack :) ily
I played dominoes in a pub once. It all got quite heated! Enjoyed it though :D
no prob!:)
Enjoy! And sorry about my hastily typed message! :)
#FF thank you :-)
Can I just say a big thank you to the person who came up with the idea of screenshotting :-)
We are not true Pakistanis :p
:) ... mention not
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x36
3Points for #DreamTeam Gooo BAILEY! :) #PBB737Gold
Thank you :)
You drank because of it? :)
its old pic :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
I haven't gotten any sleep and I have to be up in 3 1/2 hours :)))))))))))))))
Off to #Welsh #Wales today. Yippee! :-)
done :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH :))
thanks bro ! :D x
thats my lord :)
Sweet :)
We like you Michael :) Thanks for your kind words! Cheers, Em
Morning to you too? Not really :D U're already having fun cause its weekend right? :D ure in the future ;)) Have an amazing night
Waiting for the people to call him BIGOT :p
It usually is :) Are you doing front or back squats?
it was so much fun really enjoyed it hope next contest will be coming soon :-) :-) :-)
Dobar dan :)
The Brand New Heavies #musicology2015 #day2
looks like a great way to spend a Friday afternoon! Enjoy your marathon on iflix! :)
If you need someone to talk to, I am always here :) Keep your head up.
Officially Graduated :D
I'm so glad! :D Did you cry? ;__;
thanks. :)
yep, you *are* an expert on bisexuality :) Good luck!
minal aidzin yo pi :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
The plan is: read our brand new cook book and figure out what to make for dinner tonight! :)
lol it's a tough choice tbh i really do like every song, just some more than others :p
welcome... :-) :-)
chill at SMU oval :D
'Coz I am a of basketball player now. Whahahaha!
#SOAmazing
The moment I decide to log onto the account I haven't been on in years is the moment I saw the best thing ever :)
A5. If I was a Girl,
My Wardrobe would only and only have "W" in it :))
#WSaleLove
new user! :-)
Welcome back to #TeamRed :)
oh apparently I'm already a member ! Lol! Hopefully be able to come depends on the time ! :D
all greatly appreciated! :)
hi! we made some changes in our design, hope you like it :)
ahhh yes do that! :D
7th CinePambata Video Festival: Complete mechanics and official entry form may be downloaded from Sali na! :D
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
follow &amp; follow u back :)
when ur moms getting u swishers and ur copping Monday :)
My Song of the Week is Ducktails - Surreal Exposure #SOTW Jingly jangly loveliness! :-)
It's the #Halesowen #BlackCountryFair tomorrow! Are any of our followers going? Come and say hello - our stand is on the High Street :-)
Good luck to in the assessments today! :)
such mental strength! :D
Looking beautiful. You have an amazing body. YOu just ooze sex appeal :) xx
HOME - AmassiveoverdoseofshipS -
latest vid from up my way..enjoy and visit my site..:)
ISIS Chan!! :D
T&amp; C noted :) #PKwalaSawaal
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Thanks for the follow Gemma, and enjoy New Orleans :)
#fever finally caught up with me \o/ \o/ \o/ .. #GESKenya
#ObamaInKenya #MagicalKenya :-)
#GreatKenya #AllGoodThingsKE
It is funny, that the next anime that had it, was Umaru :D
great singer too :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
looks like GAME ships to the US again! Got my order in :)
she takes over my room &amp; my car once I'm gone cool :)
going to be streaming soon :)
thanks :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Hahaha everyone has a fun story related to that song. We got labeled as the worst batch by the principal due to it :p
you will get the same stuff like in March. Release that one first before starting a new one :)
#FF TOP Twoofs have a Wooftastic Wkend Guys :)
Well received but not necessary. :)
long time no see :/ where have you been ? :p
I'll regret rn tomorrow morning but its whatever :)
That hat :D
thank you :)
there will never love again in your life there is
only a success :)
abstinence :)
Then there will be a few "Wtf this never happened?!!" moments that you may or may not like. But there's a surprise thrown in :D
Start middle and finished :)
Im back Twitter.. :-)
ended up happy. :)))
Lovely stuff. This needs to be repeated, relentlessly, for approximately the next 5 years. :)
*hug* you have many :)
on OldSchool Runescape :)
Thanks for the shout out! Have a wonderful weekend :)
REST DAY!! :)
LOVELY DAAAY! :D
#JUMMA_MUBARIK &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
to aLL #FrNds :*
#StaY_BlesseD :) :) :* feeling blessed
I can sense it :)
Awww, they are pussycats! :-) xx
hope everything is going great!! :-) lol
Market on Main just launched in Pretoria. :)
'Do I care??'
'I care...'
#fahrinahmad #tengkuaaronshah #eksperimencinta :D
Tykksin 200sub special!! | 15e PaysafeCard Giveaway!! :) (LUE DESC!!!)
2 months waiting and I finally have my hoodie! :) eeeep! Yay! #SoHappyRightNow
mmmmmm can I c them lovely azz-sets babe :-)
thx for the feedback. Glad you gained value from it. :)
good night lovely, I hope you have a peaceful nights rest, and feel refreshed when you wake up, sweet dreams :)
I'll never get used to that, but thank you very much. :)
Thanks Manthan! Stay tuned with us :)
Freshness is the beautiful smile of my mother &amp; the determination to make the most of my day :)
#MaxFreshMove
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
PLEASE JAMES WHAT YOU THINK OF MY BEAUTIFUL GIRLS ARE THE LONELIEST TATTOO? You have changed my life. :)
Hi ! Girls :).wish you all a Happy #Friday.and a #magnificent #fantastic
we achieved it together! Thank you Rashmi for your time, dedication and complete inspiration!! :)
#FF #HappyFriday the weekend is nearly here :-)
I only retweeted :)
It will be updated soon I'm sure. If you sign in you can set up text alerts :) |DA
Something new :D
Dang that is some rad #fanart! :D
CHEERS #TGIF :-)
Massive congrats to Niamh Fennell here :) Journalism Graduate Lands Dream Job Copying &amp; Pasting Tweets
Thank you! :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 5 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Yesss I am thank you :D
I have Ariana grande Selena Gomez Louis tomlinson Rita Liam Payne
Caradelevingne I trade solo dm :)
tired. But fine :) you??
Nope you can definitely still apply for this year if you want to :D #iamCA
Ah, found it, thanks :)
aftie :p
Goodmorning :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
thats EXACTLY the look Im going for :D
#ProKabaddi Koel Mallick recites the "National Anthem" for On Day-6!!:)
#YourNaturalLeaders and #YoungNaturalLeaders
Mon27July #Cumbria UK :)
&amp; #Flockstars Thur30July ITV
For most of you it is #GoodMorning but for me it is #GoodNight...
#sleeptight for me and #haveagoodday for you! :)
Only one leg on September. So perhaps BB will promote the full album on September :D
I still fully intend to write as many game designs as possible while there. And an attack plan for the next 6 months. &gt;:D
To all the birds out there, come here and join us for a little fun :) #teamAdmicro
#FridayDownpour - hope it clears for the wkend, have a good one :)
time for sleep :)
That's three words! But then again, that's what Rohit does to you :D
you are such a gorgeous queen.... my god :)
The long wait is over :)
#OTWOLGrandTrailer
If you didn't get inspired by the sheer fact that Obama beat innumerable odds to become US President, ni shauri yako :-) #MemoToHaters
Everyone should go drop a follow on her stream :D
Happy Birthday for sunday! :) Hope you have a great day, lots of pampering and love!
t'was great! thank you! :)
i'm going for the cabincrew interview in langkawi this 1st august :) please wish me luck
Thank you! You too :D
I will fulfil all your fantasies :)
cool - thanks for thinking of me - hope all is well :-)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
thank you so much babe :D
5 ex-twelebs this side please :)
thanks bro ! :D x
have a great day :D
Makes so much sense :D LOL
.. we wait you :) against
#ff Have a great weekend all :)
family &gt;&gt; friends :)
An apartment makeover? great ideas for factory living :)
thanks &amp; you are very welcome, hope it all goes brilliantly. :)
Happyyyyyy Birthdaaaaayyyy! :-)
come kill it for me :)
hi, im so interested about your internship program. But sadly, I cant access the Career Page. Can u help me with this issue? :)
Its sad to hear about this, thank you so much for the overwhelmingly beautiful games, thank you for your hard work. :)
aha yesss! Who are you most looking forward to seeing?:)
Happy Friday you beauts! :) #FF
We do love to help! :) /E
would love to win this deo is faaaaaabulous! :D #FreebieFriday #aluminiumfree #stayfresh xx
Yes, and John :)
Thanks! No worries, I'll navigate to your blog and check it out. :)
thnks progrmr :-)
bet you do! Well I won't be getting any sleep it's a 9pm shift until 9am so it's quit hard work! But thank you :) xx
figures :-)
hardly surprising that roses inspire so much emotive poetry :)
followed :)
I joined the #FrequentFlyer program :)
I always end up breaking down and apologizing when I shouldn't have to. fuck me for being too nice :-))))))))
Fabulous! Well we hope you all have a great day :-) ^KB
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
You're very welcome. :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
Did you enjoy the #LondonDairy #Icecream? Share with us the experience. :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
I luv urs too :-)
I have in the past. A hoodie covers a lot of sins. :)
bet your excited :) :') xxxxxxx good luck hope it get to number one
You're welcome Jim! Made me chuckle on the train this morning :-) Happy Friday to you too!
Shopping for a bit :p
agreed haha :p
Happy Birthday! We're positive it will be full of cake :)
Doh! 500+ Subscribers are needed :) Please let us know once you reached this number.
I'm good thanks hope all well with you and yours :-)) xx
Dry, hot, scorching summer #FF :)
Maybe a younger woman has more stamina than you Tom&gt; :)
things aren't looking too great here either - can we expect anything less? lol! At least it's the weekend :)
Finally get to be in bed. :) good night, tweeties!
Thanks guys! :)
FAB! Thank you for your support :)
I really dont I love you so much :)
#FF follow her --&gt; 10 loners this side please :)""
and a charger :))
This is so me :-)
(Introducing a new word vs. altering the understanding of a word) x spreading either = The Big Problem. :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
#FF my Wooftastic TWOOFS hope you have a supa dupa weekend :)
near enough to Dartmoor :)
I'm gonna stay with the gold colour. Hopefully it will come soon. Thank you anyway :)
Follow back ? :)
yay ok!!! :D
Someday we'll know. :))
U r my dii n i cant forget my Sis :)
Jgh fr. smf &amp; Ft, W/ My girl. &lt;3 :)
maybe we can get some japanese import hello kitty matching stationary :)
The weekend is drawing close. What are your plans ? :D
Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" .Plz let us know what u think :)
AND HELLO TWITTER, MY ACCOUNT IS BROKEN AGAIN :)
Hi thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys here if you need us :)
nice :)
Please follow me back :) x *10
Hi I want to get connected with you :) as I am planning to come to South Korea
oh you and your FACTS :p
I'd planned to do a nice scamper but I slept through my alarm. For two hours. I suppose I needed the sleep so I ain't mad :)
Chweina... xD Jotzh :D Dude... go to school and don't waste your time on twitter.
hiya! Yep our show takes place completely under cover. Worth bringing coat for beforehand tho as FOH is outside :-)
thanks!!! :)))))))
enjoy your holiday! :D
I haven't seen that many 'menacing' since I finished JoJo :D
Ta, same to you both :)
Thank you as always! At last Im back on track :) Hope you have a fantastic weekend! :)
we make it better though :-)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
accepted. :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
I have to go now guys.
Hope you enjoyed the updates :)
[Admin LuKris]
Have a lovely day yes. Stay happy. :)
What a day :)
Happy birthday to my momma bear. Love you so much. I redid this because I found the last picture from 8th grade :)
K I'll text you tomorrow :-)
im in :) x
I love u. :p
nice line :-) :-)
Playing V.ball ATM :)
Appreciate your recent Retweets ! Have a great Friday :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
"Building a product is like packing a suitcase: Plan out what you think you need. Then remove half." Fully agree :)
hang-copying A TRANSLATION of Dostoevsky's Notes.. :)
a voucher for... a new bugatti? what's the value? :D
Someone loves you. I promise. :)
"I know a bra that knows a bra that can get this and that' :D
#_ yummy :-)
A7la bdayt season :-) mnwreeen :-) :-)
but I listen to jazz in my truck. :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x34
can't wait to speak at #PBEvent. See you there. :)
Waiting for HQ pic from today to add on to my YoonA x Hairpin = OTP collection :D
#mastership honey ! :D
I paindo don't want to say #follow me :p
sure :)
awesome I await your report :D
throwback lol. Manny is still an asshole :))
#BrijResidency is a G+6 stories structure with 156 units which encompasses 2 and 3 BHK Flats :D
+91 975-580-4444
honored to have you here ! :-)
You know you like it :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
It was "Currys". They were close to home. :)
The Clash :)) Milano Calling "
followback po :-) :-D
i legit am you loser, sit down and get gassed :))
All my friends 'hi I saw this dead thing and it made me think of you' aww thanks guys! :D
speak to :-)
always for you :)
#StarSquad Can I please get a follow? You are awesome! :)
Awwww thanks :-)
Thanks news man.:) UTC
Remember that one time I didn't go to flume/kaytranada/alunageorge even though I had tickets? I still want to kms. : ) : )
oh good haha let me know what you think when you can :)
thanks 4 give certainty about d problem :)
Hope u all could solve faster
At least now i know i dont have to hurry 4 totem
Off to somewhere later :)))
Some good advice for a Friday :)
Cheers Alice! :)
Here you go: please click on the link and checkout! :)
Two dogs &amp; One Cat, all good friends :-) #GoodwynsGoodies #FreebieFriday
Ugh. I've never Rt or fade any of your moaning Leeds tweets :)
Looking forward to Jozi with you guys :)
hello :D how are you just found after all this time i wasnt following you till now
I THINK THIS IS FROM THEIR FIFTH ALBUM IM :) OKAY :) FUCK :)
may available tix pa ba ng ATL concert?? Thanks :)))
yeah. I have 20 coldplay songs in my playlist :p I love them. My favorites are The Scientist, Fix You, Yellow and Atlas. :p
awesome :) I'll be waiting
follow &amp; follow u back :)
done yein :)
Haha!!! Receiving a #FF for thing on a Friday is a nice way to start the day :) xx
lol! selos :))
#JabongatPumaUrbanStampede
Ans.7&gt; Timely Arrival :)
Waiter: here is your bill sir??
Customer: Ok, where is the kitchen??
as the title says :D
me too! hey it's almost time to visit the city :)
So you can keep me inside of pocket of ur wripped jeans :)
How beautiful they are!!! :)
well haha :D
I love Connie, she's a fabulous ship with an amazing crew and staff. Have a great time :-)
Hi Sweetan! It's best to ask :) Have great day and have fun filming!
nope :-)
That's ok, thanks for following me too. :)
my mum has been begging me to watch sopranos! i'll watch that too :-)
Follow back please :)
oh, the fun. :)
That's great to hear :D
I also #FF #Ukraine :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x33
follow me please Olly :)
This is so beautiful :) via disney.arts by the talented elmoprinssi :)
Don't forget to
Bit tired from 3 hours of salsa dancing last night but definitely worth it. Happy Friday everyone :-)
thanks haha but i only tell the truth to you :):):)
yes pls :)))
I have gotten at least 3 hours of sleep on the past 4-6 days so the rest of the week should be interesting :) :3 ;)
Thank you. : )
Check out my bro 2nd blogiversary! Many more awesome reviews to come :D ...
With the top cutie of Bohol :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
This is briliant. Was literally just having a conversation about post v email when I saw this :)
they key word here is "annual". Haven't read anyone writing about that :)
A very productive day so far :) Happy Days...!! :) :) but my head is spinning with things, those voices keep calling..!!! Lol
Yeheyy! thank you so much Pinya!! :) whoooah for the win
Good morning dear friends &lt;3 Listen to "I am trance lover" and enjoy :D Happy Friday &lt;3
What was your favorite subject in school? PHYSICS :)))))))
congrats :) good news heading into the weekend!
Take my head, I stopped having them. :)
# doesn't matter. Jungle can accommodate both :-)
hi! On our shouting out list you are one of the best, what's your secret behind #SandroForCEO #CEO1Month
Swag :D
Wait till it's my turn to go mia :-)
thanks :)
Having a lovely time 'going with the flow' on this #workinprogress. I love choosing colours :)
Just a
No! I love Finnigan :) #Be loyal to my Royal!
Fotoset: reusful: seems like somebody had fun today :D
I love you :-)
Quit it You selling it too You too young to understand muntu"
Another gem from today, Falcos cool too :) #supersmash
Good morning #hotnsexy girl. Have an amazing #friskyfriday on the beach :D
You are very welcome! :D
Lol it's very tiring being this good looking. :)
Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie :))
Glad to hear that's back! If you see anything else crop up let us know :-) ^BA
kill :) me :)
how are those pics of Nash coming out? :)
I make sure to always have tissues, chocolate and tea for every #Hannibal episode :) It just doesn't work any other way for me :)
Contact us today and we'll get you out of the city into a 'hotbed' in a bush somewhere :) #ClassicAssures
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
glad that you liked . Check some more nice stuff at #WSaleLOve :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
We are thrilled to be on our first international assignment as aerial camera operators....Wales here we come #Boom : ) Never forget to smile
Friday Night in Hong Kong... On the Ferry to "Central" to meet new girlfriends for an after-work drink :-)
.......
Family time :D (at Dj Resto)
Good morning :)) drinkt koffie
A6. If I was a Girl,
My Wardrobe would only and only have "W" in it :))
#WSaleLove
Is that Stargate Atlantis? Such a cool show :)
Great! Muaahhh :)))
ohh. Hii :) haha. thanks for the info. I'll check again. or maybe di nagsend yung order form ko &lt;/3 haha thanks ulit :)
happy birthday :)
There is no TRUST without 'us' but there is no UGLY without 'u' :-)
Leggete qui per la chat Larry :)
-Mar
Have you encouraged your employer on board or stuck a poster up :)
Sticker came with my sponsor prize for entry The tablet is my own :).
goodnight liam ! I hope you had a fantastic day today (: sweet dreams baby I love you will all of my heart :D xx.
Oh yeah, because Milo, Aurini and Juicebro are the fucking pillars of their respective communities. :D
Yeah boii! Look what arrived in the post this morning! The latest #SmashingBook5 it's my new bible :D
Ill be better soon. :) feeling sick
LAMO , At first i will fangirl so hard .. then i'd love to share you some platonic pics :D JUST YOU KNOW FOR SCIENCE
Morning........it's FRIDAY! Happy Friday beautiful people :) #Smile
Thank you! We're set to have another great day supporting the #community &amp; helping #residents :-) #servicewithasmile
sounds good to me :) I'll see you Saturday
Live night with two fams :) #bloodline #huskies
you're welcome :)
The picture I'd like to see in my obituary advert :) #goofingaround #madness #mad #bollywood
lovely giveaway! :) #FreebieFriday
dah move on :))
There's nothing as cool as being totally over someone, No bitterness, anger or hatred towards them. Just pure indifference :)
when u wake up at 4 AM and the suite life of Zach and Cody is on :))))!!!!!!
Oh, didn't know :) But yes, you can have an order delivered to your work address, once it's added to your address book ^AC
Achieving excellence in Music as a Music Producer is a Mind Boggling &amp; Fatiguing Job... Baareeq... :) :) :)
love it thanks for sharing :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
my #gamedev is a hobby :)
yes yes yes... I am in :)
Thank you :) Tweenie_Fox Hi, please click here for a list of our hair accessories &amp; products
Sometimes you're just tamang hinala. :)
I'm following now :)
hello babe, you got Niam access?? Could I give you something for a ship dm with them ? :)
Selfieeeee :)
Especially for three of you, LASS :) w/ Aling
Hi #Gorgeous have a nice swim with your sis!! Can I get a #Birthday shout out please it would make my day?? #Perfection :) xx
there it is haha hope I don't got work tho.. Bout to quit if I do :p
goodbye, don't forget that it was feminists that fought for your right to act like a snobby little bitch :-) goodnight!!!!
follow &amp; follow u back :)
CAROLINE, Caroline all the guys say she's mighty fine I threw up a little making this :-)) HBD
follback :)
Time for jogging :p
from all over the place I hope :) Im a pro at remote work AND traveling ;)
Newly listed in my EBay store :-)...
The new #disneyinfinity #starwars characters look amazing preorder the starter pack in store today :D
I'm here if you want to talk :)
I always tweet hit me or snap me... no one ever does but its worth a try :)
The homies bought me skins for my bday :D
- Just chant Jai Italy 100/times fast. :))
Heeeeyyy. Can all of you follow my fan account?
Thank you! :)
in the UK :)
thank you!! :D
woah! nice nice!! :-)
u are welcome :-)
good and you ? :)
And here's review: Phew! We're literally overwhelmed. :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
you &amp; the baby next time , it's my house ! I have it whenever :)
got it, thanks g :)
Have you encouraged your employer on board or stuck a poster up :)
Hugs ang Kisses from the philippines :)
I've entered to WIN a huge package from &amp; :) ENTER HERE: #Giveaway
yes, it works now :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Hi , great to connect. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys here if you need us :)
yeah so you can bruise my rib again :-)
#FlipkartFashionFriday No No won't give dear don't worry :)
#TombRaider #hype thought you might like this :D
Oh Me Oh Me Oh my its #TheJuiceInTheMix rela in the building :)
Low priority match :) hahaha
fback? :)
I want Harry Dm bc I wanna give a surprise to my friend for her birthday. I just wanna make her happy :)
Is now not an opportune time 2 collapse chaotic Cosas? &lt;--- note the alliteration :-)
going well oppayaa! How's yours? :D
we did our best, as you want body :)
#NatGeo new show U can't lick ur elbow. .seems interesting....:)
Stats for the day have arrived. 7 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Emu is stoked thank you :)
Woke up yo fav' my tweet this made my day :))) now just
Remember, you don't need people's approval when you have God's approval. :-)
and jisung is the kid sunshine :)
mm okay thanks! :)
Message us right here Nicola and we can forward this on :) Brighten up our day :D Helen
follow &amp; follow u back :)
CONGRATS :)
Hi Brian I'll get it shipped today for you and it can take between 2-3 weeks to Australia. Many thanks :)
was good fun at the time but the ol' bones are now a creaking :)
Eh abUtI, WelcOmE to TweetLand.....Lol :p
thx! And Android support in by Xmas :)
A great Skyblock stream too. :)
this is why im standing and always being a Belieber :) its all bcause of him 2009 until Die :)
I am streaming now on Twitch Join :D
it was a.. sympathy laugh :)
who would you like? :) xo
Awesome! :D
unnieeee!!!:)
Tonight is the Night ... :) #nuka #penacova #djset #free #EDM #kizomba #latinhouse #HouseMusic #portugal2015 #summer
well you're in for a wild ride &gt;:D
Hahaha tell me anytime you wanna taste it! oh, with yer address to send it :)
thanks team yellow :) #MTN8
Maganda. You look very pretty with short hair. cute. :D
Good morning to you, gorgeous Mistress Saphire :)
I'm at work and I'm busy, so I will help you once I finish and im at home :)
Thanks to amazing 4000 Followers on Instagram
If youre not among them yet,
feel free to connect :-)...
Coconut Sambal Mussels Recipe :-)
Thanks Kalin :)
Follow on Mixcloud :)
fback? :)
Thankyou ! Greetings from Australia :)
I cant work out if this is sarcasm or not :), i know some Chelsea supports think hes useless but when he comes on he does ok.
follow back :)
I come back next Thursday!! We can still hang out :-) hehe she said hi love u
Benson is gorgeous!! Thank you so much for sharing him with us :) You can also enter on our Facebook too...
you look a solid 16/17 :)
Great night! :D
30C so we just should change for few days and all is good :)))
Add me on Snapchat - MaryHicks18 #snapchat #kikmeboys #photooftheday #fuck #chat #musicbiz #sheskindahot :)
"fleekile mbalula", he said. i repeat, i love my south africa. :)
when your friend is making fun of the fact that your mexican so you hurt his feelings that'll leave him scarred for life :)
it's my office today :)
we like this amazing donut recipe! we share with #foiegras lovers! :)
Despite the weather today the wedding is going to be beautiful :)
Where Was Tony Stark? :) - From Incredible Tony Pictures
To sit and write poems or stories that's been bubbling in my head~ :)
Last night :)))
Dale send a billion kiss to her :) Have a magical day!
That might work :) Have a great weekend. \OP
Smile, it's #friday :) #TGIF #weekend
i will not cast my vote in next elections :) #JCReport
Have done! Thank you for your tweet :)
Oh piggin just go will yer, give us some peace :)
Appreciate the follow :) have you heard of our botanical soaps?
love u 2 :-)
Late upload. Freshly done/3weeks old healed. :)
oh. I was in bed haha. I can't sleep though. My day was too exciting :)
thx Tobi-bro! :D
How good is that! I think it was my first ISP too! :)
we'll steel some from the next Wednesday and see what it's like!:)
hey there :)
definitely loves making people smile cause I swear since I met him earlier, I haven't stopped smiling :) i love you cam
... except for her Lord, masha'Allah :)
some French fans made a movie about the WWAT in France last year with our videos and photos :)
It has been fixed, thanks for your feedback :)
Thanks to everyone who came to the stream :D Hope you guys enjoyed. Night all!
YAAAAAAAAY thx :)
Looking forward to reviewing ours :-)
Thank you Beiruting :)
fback? :)
Thanks for updating your profile page :-)
Lovely coffee :)
Here's a cute panda to make your day! :)
thank you eonnie :))
Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" .Plz let us know what u think :)
my favourite too! :) Cream Soda :)
I love my body, when it's fuller, and shit, even when it's not lol. I'm just happy to be healthy :) happy to be happy..
Rettweet :-)
the real MVG (MOST VALUABLE GIRLFRIEND) for staying up with me till the Madrid game starts :-)
sore ya :)
I'm so excited, we should definitely meet up :)
are you coming to Bergerac? Have the first team left any u21's I'd know of? #checking for chants :-)
:) just a choice of food. Left to the individuals.
The episode is excellent so far.:-) I love Adam Beach's movies &amp; shows.I'm looking forward to seeing Suicide Squad next year
Growing very fond of Christopher, didn't like him initially because he was cocky and didn't really prove it but his attitude's improving :D
sounds good! Can you DM me your email address? Will suggest some dates for a coffee! :)
It is indeed - many thanks :-)
Just smile even your in Pain :)
Hi happys!!:)
Funny. Intelligent, strong and funny. Just funny... :-)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
no, other than it using Cs :)
you ever watch certain people's snapchat over and over again, bc i know i do :-)))
that's all ok I know your busy :)
Last 2 exams :)
forgot u were up. :)))
Fun fact: I love meeting new people :)
I know the home-based office busy feeling :-) Pity about your knee - what happened?
SALE FLEUR DRESS CREAM #Readystock_hijabmart
IDR 325.000 ====&gt; IDR 200.000 :)
Thankyou :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Is Tompolo meeting aimed at stopping the sale of the oil that we cannot find buyers for? :D
that's true, doesn't disappoint! Looking forward to Paper Towns? :)
That's all I need to know, is that everything is going to be okay :-)
I say less slacking &amp; getting cracking :)
I don't know the name but it is particularly striking. Happy days :)
Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)
31* My Bad Mam :p
Lovely looking cake, bet it tastes good too :-)
FeyTyaz Follback ya :)
so I found this last night, lets just say there was an instant stiffening of my interest :)
Rettweet :-)
fback? :)
Rettweet :-)
ricky_febs Follback ya :)
Got Secrets of Grindea, Courier of the Crypts and possibly some Arma 3 to record today..... Gosh! And a new game that looks like Limbo :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
thanks for retweeting orchard art show, have a super weekend :)
Karachi ka Venice after rains :) Several parts of Karachi witness accumulated rain
maroon cocktail dresses #MidiDresses for :)
fback po? :)
0-100 real quick :)
Morning! : ) Mine is 1100D. Usually auto-focus. I only use manual for really close up like shooting veins on crackle glaze. :)
the new layout looks bomb! :-)
Thanks for connecting Hope you're having an Great Day! Have a social/website question? Just ask :-)
pake :)
hi we made some changes in our design, hope you like it :)
joim me while I feed the troops. :) via
Any brands wanting me to review BEAUTY products on my blog? mail me at: #prrequest #journorequest :)
The_MadStork Follback ya :)
Good luck, Shaun! :)
yes he is :)
Anyone who wants to be added to the bot just DM me!! :) #bot
Chloe I watched "Let me in" yesterday and you were really awesome! Really talented and intelligent actress, beautiful too! :)
could i get some free solo dms? Any to give away? :) xoxo
thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
Hola juan.. sending you a big Hi from Houston tx! :) I've been a fan of jenni and the family for year's. I stumble upon a video of you
No prob.nice choker btw :)
seouljins :) both are fine tbh
Photoset: sadomasochistsparadise: Wynter bottoms- and an outtake :) Sadomasochists Paradise Cuties
You make my day by just smiling :)
fback? :)
:D ty bby!
Please enjoy this clip of me losing my shit during cypher :)
next week, i will be at my office ! so lets go :)
thank you for following me :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Amen. Thanks :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x32
follow &amp; follow u back :)
paper girl :D
I know would of been lovely to have her in that pic :)) x
Planted people are allowed to do any thing and every thing :p
"This Corner" is so fucking Dope!! Getting addicted to it..
Great Job :D
My bby gurl :)
Hey hey :D
still suck at editing but if this turns into something special I owe it to you guys :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
YOU'RE UGLY DANIEL, is it good ape?:)
Happy bday Saar....
Have a great year ahead... :)
Thought you might! I saw it and I loved the verse. The butterfly part was just a bonus :).
Thank you :-))) OK
Have fun!!
Enjoy day u all
well. good morning. :D
would you follow me?:)
Busy, productive day filled with a few tears, but hours and hours of laughter. Today was a good day. :)
hi. You have 5sos tickets?? Dm me :)
Yummmyyy.... :-) eating dosa
so do I :D
its probably easier to meet at the station? Unless you particularly want to show me your house? :)
A Huge &amp; Warm Welcome to :-))
ACHI!!!! Im busy next week because of our exams. Hope you understand that I cant tweet youuu, Bawi ako queenesther! :)
Looking sharp :-)
yess im 1 year younger than u :-) no wonder youre huge boy
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
Ha! All in one picture :-)
is ready :) #Poldi #Cimbom
Thanks for the share :)
fback? :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Happy birthday buddy! :D
Thank you :-)
*sigh* Call me daddy one more time :)"
Communal knowledge! :)
probably gonna be some though :D
Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Let us know if you have any questions :) 1TB would be amazing!
Many thanks. Happy Friday everyone :)
You are very welcome! :-)
As if bank credit departments weren't bad enough, ANZ has gone to the extreme of offshoring theirs!!! Absolutely classic :-)
#gottolovebanks
:) &amp; yup will In-shaa-Allah make dua for u &amp; fr all of us to see thru the hatreds &amp; move towards truth. Aameen
All the (4/5)
I Like Coca Cola , I Love Fanta , I dream about Pepsi and Die for Sprite they alls very sweeeeeeeety :-) ;-) :-D
is a good witness :-)
#welcomeTweet hi! thanks for following! just ask for a follow back :-) via
#PSYGustoKita good afternoon :)
The dream gaming setup part 2 is finished :D
Definitely :)
thanks :-)
make ur dms open pls !! i have some questions to ask hehe :)
Wet feet welcome no carpet to,worry about :)
You're a judgmental hypocritical narcissist :-)
Another jumpsuit... bt in denims...:) #FlipkartFashionFriday
Verge by Owl City! Thanks :D
also, sometimes a nice break from seeing constant tweets about one subject is welcomed :)
#ff Have a great day everyone :-)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
hey mom i hit a home run :)
haha :) How are you, Sia?
We're counting on it! :) ^MM
What a brilliant parent teacher interview!! Finding out those wonderful things about your talented girl!! :))
Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful Friday :) #FF
u started the comparative religion rant as well :) after all ur a STUDENT of it. I guess the last benchers probably (1/5)
In the Porsche paddock at #BudapestGP and I found out #JohnyHerbert from is rolling with us this weekend! :) #PorscheSuperCup
Waking up to nice weather, Koyal 's melodies
An unexpected surprise to create memories!
'Freshness' makes my day :)
#MaxFreshMove
17 science students this side please :)
35 more eps until I catch up wirh arc v!!! : )
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x31
Happy birthday! Didn't know wolves had birthdays :)
Thanks for sharing this! :)
May Allah fulfill our one n only desire....ameen :)
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID HelpingGroupDms: quote tweet with a dm you really want and I'll surprise a few of you :)
you have a weird DP, you know? :p
wife and 2 kids? Poor you. :-)
fback? :)
I NEED A LIFE :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
chicks :)
Hi ;-) If you want a free guide use the ZonzoFox App using this link Have a nice stay :-)
Thank You Bhaiya. :-)
Thank you brother :)
Lucky dog I hate you.... :)
Patty! :-)
I will definitely post about it in my blog! :) It's such an elaborate project and I am doing thing I never did before.
Planning a trip to Kuching? Enjoy special room rate only at Merdeka Palace Hotel &amp; Suites with PLUSMiles card! :)
glad to be of service it's kinda what I do :) hahahaa
i mean New, Nex still safe in GWD :D
Whom do you really love? i love all who did the same thing to me :)
shes not a nice girl trust me :) okok i trust u &lt;3333
cause u know ur wrong :) fucking idiot
Chaerin unnie : )
It's great that we have that as a very viable alternative nowadays. :)
glad we could help, I will make sure to pass your comments on and thank you for the lovely tweet :) - IP
The Tombow ABT has arrived :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
happy FriYAY, happy followers :-) xxx
Kinda smug to know we were doing all that stuff at Marrickville Public over ten years ago :-)
I have loved you since we were eighteen :)
A perfect triangle will win the ball game. :) #AUvsSSCR #NCAASeason91
thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
Morning :)
The Kills - Future Starts Slow
I'm Trying to make ice chocolate coffee popsicles, it's so soft that will melt in your mouth :) perfect for hot day
Thankyouuu Dianna :D
"ngga usah dipikirin elah" you can't easily say that to someone who's an entp :) the T is there for a reason
Smile every day :)
killin it! Meme worthy :) Cool shot of
emon : )
What is it with this country, first sign of a decent outdoor rave and it pisses down all day :)
I've had to pack...
Happy Birthday :)
I'm glad you like our services. Happy shopping with us :) ^DV
fback? :)
wow finally aku bakal liat kak merry di tv for the first time :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Post a pic of your outfit for today with the hashtag---&gt; #FashionFriday :) will be uploading them later today on my blog, join in on the fun
Thank you. I always wanted to see it from that angle.Nelson would be proud :)
lol go! It's cheap right now :)
me too :)
Enjoy a cute baby panda! :)
#MyMonsoonStory TEA TREE SKIN CLEARING LOTION - as Moisturizing the skin is very important during monsoon :)
WHOOP WHOOP! :-) #quacketyquack
yeah thanks for being so romantic and I love you too baby ! :)"
Are you in #Valencia this #weekend?
Enjoy it!! :)
Sorted :). Thanks. Daaru party in my chaddi, bros.
Beginning of Line-up :)
It is left for the line-up (y)
i don't know how you feel about me which means means i don't know how to act around you :))((
Ha ha :-) I guess I was being polite.
thanks so much :-)
no sleep tx :)
Looking wonderful.Great body. Love your really closely trimmed pubes :) xx
es mi tio :) you know its a must to follow him since I'm from Sinaloa.. Arre!
we must!!! Hahaha :p
Really very stylish &amp; trendy! Good going Kim, Keep it up :)
love it! Have a #FabFriday :)
FaceTime with Calum on the weekend while constantly messaging Luke :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
well thanks guys, we will be sure to do all of those things! Hope you're ok :)
No info yet. We'll announce as soon as we get them, #Filbarbarian! :)
I've not been to your beer talks but I'd say that having 2 broken arms is more of a issue than being being 1 testicle light :)
So proud!! :D :D Night Social App by Katerina Maniataki - Design Ideas via
Ahh, alright :) Just wanna know if it's worthwhile. Judging by some tech reviews, it's better than Windows 8
found that later, sorry for asking a stupid question. Loving the plugin so far! Also loved your bass slap on IG, I play too! :)
6pm is when the doors open for everyone with (VIP/general) tickets to get there seats early and watch support acts!!:)
fback? :)
LONDON Baby!:)) #toptravelcentar #ttctop #lux #luxurytravel #beograd #srbija #travel #putovanja
Thank you Wendy. We provide the fresh water for the area, provide the drainage service. Amy :)
Homebound. :D HAHAHAYS.
Your Welcome! :D
Yeeeeah ! :D
moar kittehs will be incoming :D
Looking forward to meeting at towers today! :)
Yippeee! We hope you + your little one enjoy some scrummy recipes :)
ur bio. I moved from MCPE -&gt; Vainglory :) u with me?
It's one of those days I wish was here :))
thanks :)
Awesome driver on the 6:01 Lilydale from FSS. Give that man a raise :-) #magicalmysterytour
chek the rules and how to join :D
you can chek our weebly
Good luck in London this weekend! Have a super results! Great support from Donetsk :)) ;)) ;)))
thanks! London is my favorite city on earth! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
Thanks for the follows :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Thanks for following!
If you need anything printed; from personalised gift wrap to business cards/stationery- get in touch :)
Hi Adrian, you should have this parcel on Monday or Tuesday :) -Pris
Back in 80s I wz pattern cutting/making &amp; buttonhole finishing 4my designer friend's famous clients :)
I have to get up in three and a half hours :)
"P" keeps me alive :p :p
Trial spm be nice :)
Happy birthdaaaaayyyy dinooo!!! :D
Cardio done! STEAK on the go this time. Cue the photo. :p At my laptop putting things together! EXCITING :D
fav if ur up &amp; u like guinea pigs :-)&lt;3
where you live in the summer :D
Hi to all my bestfriends/friends out there! :"&gt; salamat sa mga nag.greet! :) Really Appreciated guise :-* Godbless y'all :)&lt;3
you can do it! :D
Dear Crush, You're the "Apple of my eye" :)
it ain't bad :)
Thanks GA! :D
You deserve it for all your fab work :) Good work Charles #workhard #models
Follow my instagram :D
Done :)
Ain't it too early forrit!!..wah happened to tea,bread and bacon/butter Done with the Afang soup, making semo is next :D"
One word? :p
brb going somewhere im forced to go :-)
Check out my #blog!! Let me know what you want to see :) #lbloggers #pbloggers #recipes #bookreview #toddlerlife
done too :)
- doesnt it just, but where do they go from here, thats the question :)
Tato bulat :D
cause i have no problem discussing these things, you know that :p
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Gosh this is so true! :D
Sure thing :) We have shared your suggestion with the concerned team, we are sure to get them back pretty soon.
fback? :)
You Know You Like It - DJ Snake - performed it at vid con todayyyyy :)
Hi Max, I was filming in Gaza a few months back. Would love retweet if you think it's good enough! :)
is what I see after logging into my game this morning ;) I will always remember your trip to BBB :)
I think I need to rest, goodnight :) xx
have you tried turning it off and on? :)
hi everyone, i love u all :-)
i will :-)
I got both videos ready for tomorrow. I can sleep peacefully tonight! Goodnight everyone! :)
Thank you :-)
Pc HOtel :) &lt;# :D
No, I'm 22! :) 18's legal age here. I don't drink that much at all really.
Also, what is it you want me to do with this info? I shan't be ditching And I'll die before I vote Tory...:)
love u sis :)) #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
Ah, S'okay Andy!
Thank you-and yours! :)
Please follow me, I will return it soon follow :) #TuitUtil
Aww cheers bud. Yeah would have been good to see everyone, hope you are well :) x
follow &amp; follow u back :)
awww... dont worry dear, you will get used to it :)
Great! I've got a lot to learn so I'll have lots of questions for you :D
You look like you are having lots of fun! We hope you had many good takeaways today :)
Your smile makes me smile :).
fback? :)
Slept like a baby last night. Instead of waking up every 1hr :D
genial :-)
fab competition :)
yosh :)
Thank you :)
I know I should be packing. But procrastinating is so much more fun. :) Plus I need some outfit sorting...
Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" .Plz let us know what u think :)
Telling people at KFC to go buy "she's kinda hot" on iTunes :))) #dedicatedfan
Don't be daft. Teething troubles. You're allowed :-)
Huxley looks so cool with his basket. Good choice of favourite shop too. :) Ben.
Thank you, I've sent them an email :)
Gamer Follow Train!
Follow Me
Retweet this
Follow all who retweeted
Gain active followers :) 120
Happy Birthday :)
Given Kepler 452b distance I propose 'Far Away' as a suitable name. Perhaps fans can comment or suggest alternatives? :-)
love using this :)
we made some changes in our final design, hope you like it :)
Thanks for the retweet :)
#TGIF.......Happy Friday :)
Off to Stockholm to see tonight :) :*
super :D
alright &amp; last winner will be :) dm me ur email
thank you :)
brilliant thanks for all the advice :-)
Suite life of zack and Cody :-)
S/o to my cat for destroying the back of my heel with his claws :-)
fback? :)
I heard lot of good things about this movie..will definitely watch it :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Q. What does a blonde see when she looks into a box of cheerios? A. Donut seeds. :-)
I'm back :) sorry I had many problems :)
thanks! I know, they are the cutest! Love them! :-)
Thanks :) ! #FFBack
please put it on spotify too please? :)
We've got the #FridayFeeling here in the VC Careers team today :) And we have a new #job to share too: ^G
goodnight, fuck :)
done :)
See you tonight for our #TGP1 test races! :)
What about us? 10 loners this side please :)"
Hey do you follow back average joe's that love the #BlueJays :)
Some #vinylbear ice cream being made ready for the party :)
#FF my BEST PALS &amp; FURBABYS Luffs &amp; Hugs 4 the Weekend :) x
Glad to hear it, Dan! We're mega excited about our retail launch :) Don't forget to look for us in Boots and WHSmith, too!
if your ps3 was still good I'd say keep it but it's no use keeping it now though. Your choice :)
It's still so nice out right now, I it! :) :) :)
So are we, Shannon! Woohoo :)
haha i got it dont worry! :D
all awesome :D you okay na ? :D
In two weeks we will be closing for a few days to redecorate. Expect something a little different, ready for our second Birthday. :)
Thanks Bob! I'll be sure to pass that on to Ellie and Mairi for you :)
That pain from workouts i love but the pain when it impairs me from getting up uggghhhh dam does it fuck up a day of shit not getting dun :)
Thanks for the follow :) our soaps are perfect for #eczema sufferers
We r back :)
Yay! We're mega excited about our retail launch, so it's great to know that you feel the same :)
Aww congrats! :)
followed ndee :))
A pleasure as always! :-)
Publilius Syrus The fear of death is more to be dreaded than death itself. :-)
look here u little shit :-) I fell asleep &amp; then woke up &amp; thought u were asleep :-) PLUS this was earlier :-) so fuk u dude
How do I check all the people i wanna unblock everyone :p
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
you'll need to manually tweak some php, but yeah :)
Would be cool to fall asleep on the phone with oomf :-)
Thank you very much Pippa :-)
but wait! it's the 2nd year soon :) they get to go on the trip like all hschool 2nd years
amen :) #WSaleLove
The bus girl who uses long cardi almost everyday, everytime I see u, you'll be laughing/smiling :) you have a cute smile!
great shot - safe trip back to HK - love that place :-)
Why'd you program it for Acorn originally by the way, since C64 was (apart from the CPU) considerably more advanced? :)
#ONAIR! James Bay - Hold Back the River | 0878 0388 1033 | 0272 330670 :) :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Happiness is ... Seeing a photo of rescue mutt on twitter :)
absolutely. Waiting for that day :)
fback? :)
hi :) I wondered if I sent you my order number if you could confirm for me that my delivery is definitely set for tomorrow?
You are very very okay... love does not ask why... :-)
yes switched back :) my lap is optimized for windows 7 Lu :|
OMG :D #TweetOfTheDecade :Pa
final grade for my class :-)
happiest of Fridays to you! have a great weekend :D
Thank you. See you later :-)
#BBMme PIN:7DF9E60A , someone add my bbm pin, okayy :) ##bbmme #BBMpin #addmeonbbm ADD ME ON BBM ##bbmme #BBMpin #addme MI PIN
Today's #FF - :)
tell me if it's better than normal menu :)
enjoy :)
A year ago I married my first love and my best friend. Thanks for an amazing year Glenn! I love being your wife! :)
whats ur height??? :))
Ha ha love it! Thank you, same to you :-) any exciting plans? #TGIF
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
You did a fab job! :)
The Sculptor's Pillar 2015 is now available in store!
Good thing they released it in store. :) #TI5 #dota2
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Thanks for the follows :)
Awesome find, if only Twitter did image mentions. Give us a nudge if you spot any more tasty plant pics :)
Enjoy your short - but hilly - cycle. Last day in England on this trip. #scotlandismassive :)
Thanks he is just amazing. You will have to come and meet him :)
Thank you Gen! Miss you! :D
#StarSquad Can I get a follow? Please Vikk I fna :)
What Mombasa feels like :-) #TukutaneMombasa #100ReasonsToVisitMombasa #KaribuMombasa
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
thanks :)
hello hanbin :D
seems its my first time talk with you
fback? :)
im giving u something that u deserve , now take it :)
they certainly are! :)
goosnight again everyone i love u all :)
cheers :-) all for the cause ! haha - maybe might let me do it again one day :-) thanks most kindly !
ha ha now that sounds familiar :)
My pleasure :-)
I was jealous because you're my bestfriend and you're so close to her. :))
waking up to the sound of rain hitting the tent :) yay
yea I want my cozy, warm bed back! x Thx dear! May your work day be chilled and short :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Phenomenal bro! I would love to collab with you and your friends asap :)
"Who's the mom?" The girl that gave birth :-)
Yay new vid!!! :D
See you again my friend. :)
he behaves like a monster (he doesn't) :)
some rt spree atm :)
$10,000 for Tank! :D OUTSTANDING! Thankyou to every single donation from all of you, that got us h...
ready #ContestKiDuniya :)
I am I hope you are too. Thanks Mfundo :)
Cheers oche hun :) xxx
My inner nerd shall not be tamed by your insidious logic. :D
OMG so I did some math and if my channel continues like this (i doubt it) I will get 2 300 subs when my 200 subs video comes out :) :/
forgiven. WonderFuls are MannerFuls, aren't we? :)
Yhoooooo ngi happy today. Nothing can ruin my mood hey :) :) :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
fback? :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Always pushing the limits hey Obakeng? :) \OP
Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :)
Haha nothing can stop the goats! :D
morning :)
Looking good guys. :-)
haha no. Alhamdullilah everything good. But im here for you if you need to talk?:)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Good morning! And happy Friday! :-) Thought I'd quickly say hello while my little pebble is engrossed in Bing...
Gorgeous!! Have fun y'all!! :)
SCREAMING happy bday to my fav boy in the whole wide world!! I love you!! :) the big 18
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
reallY hAppY tOdaY ..... WaT u DonE fOr Us muahhh :)
May God BlEss U :)
PauseTime is always nice :-)
Are you seeing the cars drifting around the corner ... ? Looking a bit loose :-)
Appreciate your recent Retweets ! Have a great Friday :)
you don't pay until the end of the campaign, it's kickstarter :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Thanks for the sharing the article D :)
What an absolute cutie - congratulations! :)
hi jenna. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?
i will :) havent been on vacation for 8 months xD
Hi Sarah, all our delish ranges are online at :) Which supermarkets have you been looking in?
Congrats again Joselito &amp; Freya for the "nth" time :) #latepost lupet mo Eric!
#AskAMan in few :-)
They really are helpful :) Alternatively, give us a call on 150 / 0345 454 1111 and we can help there. MKa
when u r not smart in real life so u have to act smart on the webz :-)
Oh great :)
#ContestKiDuniya hope to win :)
oops! Well at least they'll realise it doesnt work anymore :)
v. cute, Carmel. Thanks for all your great work :)
I'm a big boy who can make his own decisions :)
thanks :D
follow &amp; follow u back :)
do you think you &amp; Matt will ever get back together? Or stay friends? :)
see you later :)
no probs :-) ill message you xx
honestly I've no idea about what this thing is, could you explain me ? :)
Throwback :-))))
I love my relationship :-)
PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :)
alright sleep well!:)
tessnzach//
cute account :)!!!
Dear Please can you ask your paperboys to keep the papers out of the rain today? It's a very special issue :-)
Thank you. To be honest I needed to be reassured a bit... But please do enjoy the game as I know I will :) and happy Friday!
if you wanna follow my personal is !!!! bye guysss :))))
problem is, you want to do what's not suppose to happen on a Friday. FRIDAY will always win. TGIF! :)
fback? :)
i thought they won at mubank.. lol
because dongwoo's unexpected tweet.. :D
Very bright weather today! Hope London is this hot tommorow! Can't wait to go there tommorow! :D
feel better :)
lots of fun!!! :)))) newyork magic? lollll
I am the first person to make twinx cry as a 16 year old :)))
Find me on Path : Firmansyahbl :)
Super :D
This Sunday Morning stream will also be a birthday stream, so I will follow my usual birthday procedure and play Grim Fandango! :D
Sometimes the most ordinary things can be made extraordinary by doing them with the right people :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
We have BOS, "Birmingham Oracle Samosas" at :)
I need to find a boy that loves fireball just as much as I do :)
There should be a shoe store that serves sushi while you shop. A Shoeshi Shop. Ok not all my ideas change the world. :) S
Looks pretty nice. :) Love the flat looks.
Don't forget :)
:) I love Lymond. And Philippa. I have someone who's a bit like Philippa in my novel, but not like him
here's that selfie Tara! Thanks again for another great event . . . #HappyFriday #ff :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
aur han Imran Khan . 63 but still younger than many. :)
awww thanks guys!! Wishing you both a wicked weekend :) Travel safe! X
Thank you :)
welcome to twitter world agaaaain sir :)
Doli Siregar retweeted your Tweet! &gt; Many thanks! Cheers, Ninh. :) #Inspire
#welcomeTweet Thanks for following me.. :-) via
:) It's a shoe box size of a shop, but the gems in there makes the geekiest of geeks cry at their wallets.
And by turning up, to be fair! It meant a lot that people came. :)
Early birds are gone already das nice :)
i request those media Persons covering "Rally" please rotate their camera just once. :)
OMG THAT SUCKS BUT AT LEAST YOU SEE ONE DIRECTION!:)
am driving up tomorrow if you still wanted to come? :)
fback? :)
Eek! Its all got to go in the red suitcase.
Beijing and China festival of science here I come :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
awesome! :)
Twitter meni tebrik etdi :))
Congratulations, you have over 700 followers
Tomorrow back to school :D
Someone bring me &amp; sunshine a bob will love you forever? :-)
"Rod Tame is embracing his inner actor with aplomb" :-) Congratulations mate
doesn't matter have to pay bill always.. #foreveralone :D :D
Last day at work! This time for real :D No more summer jobs! But school starts in three weeks :/ #mysummer #happy
#HappyFriday! Is there anything IT related that you needed help with? If so, give us a call on 01482 333505 :)
HAHAHAHA no way :p what must we wear there ah? school uniform?
Thank you! But evil. :)
Owwww.
Choo chweet..... love u :-* :-)
Test :)
Bless them :) the shorthaired one looks a lot like my Oscar :)
every dog has its day :) I can't stress that enough !
thank you!! omg i just realized this is your video awww its so cute congrats :D
Worth It - Fifth Harmony, don't judge :)
MY kik : denerivery506 #kik #kiksexting #FaceTime #kikmenow #talk #housemusic #kikkomansabor :)
Don't I look like a killer? :)) #HenessyDiaries
Glad you enjoyed your journey!! have a nice day :)
The band were great! Thank you for coming, was lovely to see you :)
can someone plz have a convo w me bc I can never sleep :):
WE DID IT! ONLY TOOK 11 HOURS! :D
My vault is expanding :D
WELL,, I MEAN UR THE ONLY VINNY I KNOW SO :)) AND NO U DONT HAVE MONEY AT ALL HAHAHAHAHA ONLY 50CENTS TO REPAY UR DEBT
"Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about :)
I have many
/ evet :)
Agree?? :) #Phone #WiFi #LifeStyle
#QatarDay
you're always welcome dear. . :-) Good afternoon. ..:-)
- :)))))))) stay perfect girly
fback? :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Brilliant.. this! They said India doesn't innovate... by
Thank you for introducing :)
Follow me on Facebook on :)
Yes! Of course. It's lovely, and I talked to them about volunteering there, and maybe even in time getting a job. :)
done :)
#am saran drama genre romance comedy??:)
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : LeanneRiner19 #snapchat #kiksexting #porno #selfies #l4l #weloveyounamjoon #kiksexting :)
don't worry, we r still doing :)
Homey :)
Had an absolutely amazing time in Kenya! It was a emotional roller coaster but an experience I'm glad I had :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
you make me happy :)
Thank you :)
the most funny aspect was Najam sethi`s confession ad still... ":D
happy birthday.... #pricelessantique #takesonetoknowone
Hey all working now :-)
Need some extra #UCount points to make it worth it! tweet it for fun :)
I'm okay ji :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
I love his books. He's a big credit to Turkish literature. My favourite book is My Name is Red :)
i knew you'd give me crap about it lol. Need to burn it :p
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ... 80x
they love you too :)
Trusting that my favourite airline will deliver as always :):) , Good Luck
What could be more fun than a sexy girl? TWO sexy girls :)
ah thank you, she has a reason to do it right? :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Hello :) Now Playing ''Yello - The Race'' on
for gail :)
hello :) how are you? xx
Very cool :)
Thank you very much for your kind words, I'll be sure to pass them on to the team! :)
Nice to connect with you Yael :)
first driving lesson in 10 months - let's see if i'm still shit :)
EN MIS MANOS. holding it in my hands :)
true that :)
When the managers at your job tell you and your friend that you are the two prettiest girls there :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
And thank you to wonderful readers like you, Rose, who make it all worthwhile. Have a lovely weekend. :)
fback? :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
U cant change how people feel about u so dnt try , just live ur life and be happy :)
he said i'm his ideal type in weekly idol and make a love pose for me &gt;&lt; i will tell him if i meet him. Don't worry :)
Thanks. Going to take me some time to create a shortlist out of that :) Much appreciated
Great to have him as part of the awesome #Dominion family :)
I'm really excited for our picnic tmrw :-)
Nobody :) likes :) me :)
#JummaMubarak To every one :)
Take a shower, wear good #ShalwarKameez have a #Itter on it Offer #JummaPrayer,...
is this on the back of the camera? If so you have AF point display enabled. company car :-)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
I'm breaking out but what's new :-)
woot!! Cool peeps :)
Hey Tweeps Join #FlipkartFashionFriday and Folow and win 2K :)
Ohhh, got it :p
Here's a teaser of the upcoming AIRecs 009 release "Acid Mouse EP" out 31st of August, including Red Robin &amp; Rough Control remixes :))
#MyPapaMyPride #OurDaughtersOurPride your love n encourage changing the life of everyone :)
Happy Friday all and thanks for the recent RTs &amp; faves! :)
Toss ladies! :))
welcome :)
I'll have a look in the library and book stores first anyway! :)
Mr2 climbed up to give me a cuddle. :)
#Jilla Decent Opening &amp; Reviews :))
the is headlining in 2017 :)
Jumma Mubarik to all of you :) Stay Happy and Blessed :)
I spent a half hour total on this.:-)
Such a great news! Congratz Guys! :)
Good night :)
atleast you honest .. Still get the bitches tho :)
Thanks for your contribution and kind comment! :-)
THERE IS AN EARTH 2.0...
yuppiieee
#AlienThought
#HappyAlien
like me :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
I love it how you tell every crowd that they're the loudest. We all are the loudest fans in the world aren't we? :) x
ah, the memories. :)
Hi Gary!Did you have a particular attraction in mind? And a travel date? I can pass your Q onto our supprt team :-) Thanks, Ellie
fback? :)
they do call me the savage god :p
No he is junior 2 me :p
thanks :)
To cleanse the scam ridden body Vyapam going to be renamed.
What an idea!!! :D:D
I'm pleased to hear :) - Sarah
hello hello :) *waves from D couch*
Thanks to the team for the Retweet! :-)
okay :)
ohhh well i was wondering :D x
completely dodged the explanation opportunity because you have no explanation. Thanks for proving my point. Grow up :-))
Does the bag do the job Sanza? :-)
thank you :-)
Check out other places available :-). Coloured aggregates work but tend to fade.
sore yaa slr som :)
Thanks for the sharing the article :)
I'm honoured :D
im following you too hehehe :)
at least there's a view of the hills :)
Same to you and everyone else.:-) xx
Thank you! that's very kind. I just finished working on more Little Explorers books btw which will be out next year.. :)
our national bird in Wayanadan forests.. :)
#Wayanad
Photo: Srijith V
visit his website -
I've whispered to myself "today is the day" four times this week and I'm still lying in bed laying Pokemon :))))
follow &amp; follow u back :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
Hey Dazzle urself with this Double Flared Red and Black Dress :)
Thanks for the shout out guys :)
In this last 9 hours, our channel has got 51 Views, that`s so incredible, thanks so much! :)
Browse our funny facts if you are bored :)
Hey would you help me share my project "Becoming a Female Tour Manager" :)
We won't delve in to that here :)
Thank you so muchhh :) see u tmr maybe ?
Well, this was an interesting breakfast back to our holidays now :)
also, GL for tonight's show! :D
u can always count on alice to make u feel better when ur ill :))):):)
sore litey :p
Goodbye twitter. I will not be there for a long time. :)" Goodbye Manuella
Maine Abhi tak Ye movie nhi dekhi but promos se hi i knew that it's his best movie till date :)
You're most welcomed! We look forward to welcoming you to Xpax ;) Have a lovely Friday! :)
fback? :)
Thanks Lisa :)
thanks. I appreciate :)
welcome aboard Matt! Thanks for the feedback :)
I can blog a story about the institution, i'm in France :)
#FF follow Him Nc Guy :-)
Solo 7 cheese overload pizza Mcfloat hot fudge sandae &amp; munchkins of d'd atm :))
Oh hey Granny :D How are you.
Cant wait to get my Baller G Lil Faded chain :)
What Everybody Ought To Know
Hi Jay, if you haven't received it yet please email our events team at and they'll sort it :)
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ...79x
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Breakfast for champions :)
You might like this :)
you just need a job and get a letter from your work place saying you work there and a letter from your parents approving :-)
You are unique. :)
I sent to both to try and make sure to catch you :-)
Don't be affaraid, I'll Be there For You :)"
#DearSlim You did not play the role of Billy Hope but you would have liked to play the role of another character? :)
Sad to see you become "LABS" and your place will take OVH. Nothing against OVH but their support suck so much :-)
this lovely black &amp; red Maxi dress :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
I follow bunch of Acc. just now .
Hope they follow me back :)
He's really on his way guys :-)
Hey have fun today :) wish I could be there but I'll be there in sprit! love yous
3 days til I start work, getting quite excited now :)
you guys were great last night :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
YES! A very big yes, finally got home from this severe rain thanks :)
I love you and miss those hammies thank you :)
GOOD! And even better to "see you around" :)
Yep. It's the only way to live.
#freedom from #Pistols
Good move.
Find myself quite cool as I unlocked #bemeapp by myself :)
Thumbs up 4 what u do! #beme Figured out my #bemecode #proudtobeme
see you there. I'll get the first round. :-)
all good, thanks anyway :)
KEEP CALM AND STAY KEPO :) :D
Haha! Almost certainly true, for all names. :)
Appreciate the follow :) have you heard of our botanical soaps? :)
no look :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
Thanks again! Hope you're having a great Friday morning so far :)
Luckily that is just one out of many! :)
hahahaha i remember it so clearly :p
Oh I get it now. Second quote tweet, but maybe could I please have a Louis dm, :) please, if you can.
# , Heiyo, visit my website for FREE 50.000 Coins in 8 BALL POOL now! Thanks :D
Dudaftie...:-)
#breaktym
it is not fatal but more dangerous in terms of health :) I don't understand why everyone is so outraged XD
Almost 645k views. Watch muna while waiting na magstart ang twitter party. :)
SALUTE!
Thq a lot for Ur continous support to Thalaivar bro:):):)
PT, Heiya, visit my site if u wanna grab a FREE 30.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)
ty :)) av gd wknd u n all in tweet \m/
hehe :-) (Smiling from ear to ear- ME) :-D
Morning my friend :) Yesss thats just the way we roll ;))) here on #cam4
watched the match till late night y'day.. :D
If its full is because you did a really great job! Congrats :)
i cant watch hxh in this place besides youtube vids like 'top 10 badass killua scenes :)' im suffering
I'm appreciating my body for what it does and feeding it what it needs :-)
check our final design, hope you like it :)
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ...78x
Hope you will like it ;) #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede hope you're noticing my efforts :D
Kind words never go unappreciated (this is even mentioned on our site :) ). A very gracious thank you for your feedback
fback? :)
Yeah, I'm pretty proud of myself :D #NailedIt #OurDisneyInfinity
Hope you had a lovely sleep! :) -Mary
follow &amp; follow u back :)
MY snapchat - JillMill19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #hot #webcam #teens #elfindelmundo #sexi :)
will do :D it's mainly my mother who wants it right now haha the others can wait they said x
Don't even think about it :)))
You are most welcome Michael, Do me a favour &amp; have yourself a #Dancetastic day :-)
Its a perfect Satyajit Ray's movie 'Porosh Pathor' situation
#GoldBugs Run for cover :-))
only I would drop 10 wine bottles &amp; spill some of the wine all over myself work :-)
jazmin Bonilla :), We Share the Latest Secret on 15000 Stars Kim Hollywood, Check the only secret on my Bio
thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
ROFL! Shades of Grey - netsec edition :-)
Let's enjoy this day! :)
oh will certainly be watching it anyway!! :D
hi ate. :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
whenever we have another movie night :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
fback? :)
another amazing video Kev :) we are so proud to have such wonderful support from such a wonderful person :)
Been listening to these two on repeat. :D and More collab please?
I kinda wanna fangirl over not an apology again even tho i already fangirled a lot when i first heard it :D
Yummy :D
why thank you kind sir :)
we are all good here. :) My sisters told me that they misses you.n
remember that unlisted one where he had a hickey :)))
So ready for the weekend. Race track Saturday and dads work picnic Sunday then Monday hocking hills with mamma :))))
human beings ARE NOT mere brain...u need a more holistic cosmovision...too narrow-minded :)
My phone isn't charging it's been at 1% forever :)))
happy birthday, Cess! :)
Hi Alix! Thank you for connecting, I look forward to tweeting with you! Have a great day :)
im happy meeting anyone that wants to meet me. I'll even throw some quan tips your way. :)
Please :) stop :) shouting :) at :) me :)
Surprise visit? Naaahhh :D
duh emesh :p
thank you :)
Good morning :)
Yes, that was hilarious :)
Kath :)
You are very welcome. I hope you have a lovely day also :)
Start your day with some Tango :-)
#tracerequest with my homie dassy! Fwm! :D
With them :)
I won't :)
selamat sore,like model :)
Sorry about this Nichola! Glad its back working now :) Always here if you need us. MKa
Found someone I met long ago in Malta to come to with me with the extra ticket I had :) #GTO #Tomorrowland #incall
:)"why baby?
HA yes, make it quick tho :D
Shobs incomplete :))
#friends #barkada #buddy
Thanks for being with us for so long :)
i was :p
hey i hope u have / are having a good day :)
follow &amp; follow u back :)
What a great day to be at Silverstone today! Beautiful Classic cars - and BONUS! We are there too! :D
Im streaming now dude i pull about 300 views all the time :)
Mum asked me if I wanted to go to the bookstore? Not sure if she knows me at all :) I'm off book shopping
mind to follow back? :)
I feel like I haven't been keeping up with my friends lately like I should be smh. Ganna text them to see if they're all doing good :-)
YEP - I would vote for her if I could ;-)) Just imagine Hillary Clinton as first female US president :-))
thanks :)
fback? :)
Every time I visit a court I notice something funny and slice of life-so many stories hidden there untapped :)
just had a dinner with my love love you babe ! :) x"
thank you! :D
thank you I really appreciate you taking the time to watch the video :)
lmaoo me and my mca team gettin HELLA money dm me now if u wana make FAST bandz ASAP!!!!:)
thank you so much :) #FF to you too
Hell yes!! Will be at Donington Park on 24/25 hoping to see you and the team again! Season 2 is OURS :D
thank you very very much it means everything even if I know he will never follow me back :)
yea he drives people :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x30
Merci bien! Happy Friday mon amie :)
Home from vacation!:)
I'm a fan account for pitbull :)
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ...777x
classic man good start to a Fri :)
Annyeong oppa ^_^ i'm Indonesian ELF .. I'm so happy if u follback me :) please be my first follower :-D
I promise... :p
Thank you! :D :D
Good Flight! :)
my bf is mean :)
My SNAPCHAT - jennyjean22 #snapchat #kikmeboys #model #french #kikchat #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexysasunday :)
it's actually 1 AM here hehe :) where do you live? It's strange to imagine...
Hi, greetings from Marseille :). Have a nice day !
Yummy! :) ^_^
you need help ganda? :)
10 loners this side please :)
I'm so glad you got to go! :)
Excited to meet with you all (or Skype) :)
#FNAF4 has officially been released on steam! Definitely excited to watch people play it! :D
ROFL not going to happen, rest assured :D
CURRENT MOOD AF :-)
just know I know :-)
Ah. Keep goin sweety! :-) :-) big hugs!x
THAT'S what we like to hear! Lots of bubbles please! :-) #quacketyquack
CURRENT MOOD AF :-)
yes! Your amazing. Keep going strong! Your the strongest person I know! So proud of you! :)
Hey Liam, know of any sweet spot's around the Barnstaple/Bideford to stay for a few days? Planning abit of a road trip :)
credits to Rocro13glodyysbro :p
we're hiring - maybe some of your public would like a job? :-)
my day was beautiful :D you? 2NE1 is good too ^^
Aspetti is good! I was boring and had chicken and chips for tea because my cupboards are empty. :D
thanks... I post 1 every night... usually Jamie and Ian are there... :)
#PSYGustoKita I'm a huge fan of Latin beauties :-) and QUEEN KATH is the ASIAN Latin version :-)
Thanks for the fave :)
Looking for fun? KIK : vaing642 #kik #kikgirl #french #model #orgasm #hannibal #phonesex :)
About ready to rip these spacers out. :):):)
see you never ya :)))
same :)
Happy Bday You are awesome. And Thank you for the Amazing Felicity Smoak! :)
1 in 100 children are psychopaths :)
spoile :)
Awesome :-)
My pleasure :)
Girls with dimples. :) &gt;&gt;
yes am still contemplating indie route :-)
Another reason to love JSL :) See you there soon ;)
Aren't you suppose to sleep by now? :-)
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ...76x
Gotcha :)
Kina. YOU are the best.. loves. :) Hi Donna! :)
So great seeing you tonight!
the Reachability + NC bug is still very much there!:p
yup! Should be really cool :)
Thanks to everyone who came to the show and tipped :)
Jk I have lots of people to chat with so ha :-)))))
bitter is the waiting till S02E04 airs #Dominion :)
you mean the naggy anal child? You don't want to keep that :p
Happy birthday buddy
it was nice seeing today at vidcon :)
i was so anxious i was shaking and my dad was like calm down and then well apparently only 10:30 right :)
Kinda wish it was "tipping down" here in the smoke... but...GOOD MORNING! :-)
Can't date someone white. sorry. Yo grandpa prolly wanna burn me. :)
I will fulfil all your fantasies :)
I stashed 3 of your closer-chasing specs in a league I am chasing saves...so yes...the walls have ears! :-)
time for a bracelet? :)
Hi Dark Angel : MochaMichelle :) Wanna get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Simply go check my bi0. Thx
Hope You Have A Happy Friday !! :-)
Thank you for coming ladies, so lovely to see you both :) We don't know either!!
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x29
theres about 5 more hours till im prob gonna fall asleep :)
Only the good things :)
Ty :D I love it too :D Used to be my background, till they removed backgrounds :&lt;
Your love, O Lord, is better than life. :) &lt;3
Morning All :)
hi Maggie- afraid my knowledge of Mull is limited (nil!:)). Have a look at web page- definitely best place to look
We at Glasgow Netball wish the #thistles all the best in their journey!! Good luck girls :-) #thistlelove
We call it the #FlipkartFashionFriday effect! :)
hi baby I love you :)
Minecraft is pretty boring when talking to people
It's even more boring when not talking to people :p
Drew :) pls:)
Thanks for the sharing the article :)
yes mam :) #WSaleLove
Goodbye twitter. I will not be there for a long time. :)
Thanks for my amazing birthday cake! It was so delicious, I didn't want to share haha :-)
Oops got my days muddled up. I'll be there tomorrow :)
These girls know how to hold a racket :)
we're isolating Fas :p
Share with us the experience of your #Icecream. Also don't forget to participate in #IcecreamMaster. :) Stay Tuned!
Come and check out the new group I made on Facebook for small channels wanting to be big #LetItGrow &lt;3 :)
HUHU SHET :)))))))) Huhu I left my desk then when I got back, I saw that tweet. O_o orz
thank you :) x
oh my god hiii !!! :D
I'm high again :-) I love my stash :'-)
no problemmmmmmm :D
Hi i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :)
I Love you ...75x
you have to write in English :))
hahaha.. yeeaayy. .. today i'm so HAPPY! !!! .. alhamdulillah God :)
Hey! I saw that you did a lot of sport - which did you like the most?:) #CEO1Month #SandroForCEO #happy
Lucky shot :)
like back :) Done
our pleasure! Let us know if there's anything else you need :)
Amin :)
- agree! What is a 'weed' anyway? I like definition of 'a plant growing in the wrong place' :-)
Going Home :)
Here it is, our #crowdfunding campaign! If we get our goal, we can walk on with this dream. Will you help us? :)
sounds romantic. :)
Hellooooooooo Friday! We meet again! :) Almost the weekend! :)
love your store!!! Best chocolate selections :)
Thank you for the follow have a great day :)
Hey Lynne, on FB the Buffer button will bring up your composer and you can Buffer an FB share. :) -Mary
Thanks! :)
If you are looking to find out more about give me a shout, sending out lots of emails today :) #fridayfun
I'm a non-Filipina fan. :D #ejayster in the United States haha
Le Smile :)
OMG! I thought that was Stan Lee for a second there :)
Thank you! Was an amazing day :-)
Discovery of cousin Earth Kepler-452b at 1400 light yrs away, teleportation is the only possible way we arrive :-)
Shahid Afridi tou young hi hai na abhi. talk about Mahnor baloch. she will never going to be old. :)
goodnight Nikki have a good one :) x
Thanks for the flowers :)
#flowers
beautiful :) got blackfly on my courgette flowers this year .. any ideas? hopefully it wont affect the fruit
Appreciate your work a lot. You go! An Italian fan. :D
Never forget who was with you from the start.. :-)
got netfilx today! whoop whoop! :D
*on ma knees* Plz Be Mine im unmarried...*checks my finger*...there's no rock on it :)"
It will be put up here as and when it's due to release :)
wiellys Follback ya :)
Hiya Paul can you send me the barcode number and we'll take a look :) - Charlotte
thtas what I asked :)
Thanks Marty. Gd weekend :)
New old pic from #trailblazerhonors
Good morning :-)
The last thing Labour needs is a leader people want to vote for #jeremy4leader #jezwecan Do read - brilliant! :-)
definitely :D
Wanted sleep at that time,guess i got it...Morning :)
Seems like you go out alot" something like that..:)
agayhippiehippy Follback ya :)
I loved the song! Keep up the good work :)
hi check our final design :)
I dont care that I have to force myself to exercise even when my body is screaming with pain :)
hard to better a good ginger cat :))
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x28
I don't see things as theres only one way to teach someone and raise awareness. anyway .. time for some real work ::)
GO GO FRANCE GO ! :)
Do you have stage times for Portsmouth live? :) x
thanks for linking :) x
So glad you did Sonal. :) Are you on instagram? What's your id?
hungry!:-)
hmmm, i think night better :)
just a bit of fun......... Pedant
All my life :) Starting from Windows 98.
PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :)
That new Real Madrid away kit looks like a night dress tho...But I like it :D
Ack! I do think you should read it :) I have heard only good things so far. It just seems.. awesome, hih :)
Getting ready for being a choir member :-)
rosidbinr Follback ya :)
:c can i at least be a duke? Or an earl? :D
Take a good care of him tau awak :)
looks like great fun! :)
orayt! rock and roll to the world! :D
so sweet :) but u knw I tried to open but block dikha reh h ..
You know.. I'm doing alright :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Adolf Hitler ...obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to but only to be broken. :-)
thanks bro :D
You should check the new article on our blog! is here :) This app is terrific!
I know you would :)
AdvAddict_15 Follback ya :)
why did i see this again :) my baby jimin
ID BE SO GRATEFUL IF YOU GIFTED ME #NotAnApology :-))
I hit the Map of The Googles and now I am more informed. Looks like quite a pretty little place :)
ok, nice :) Btw 0.7.1 is coming today.. we try to fix those package dependencies there.
I'm motherfucking happy and that's all that matters. :-)
will listen to your life later :)
I read David's tweet thinking "damn only one month of summer left? That sucks" but then I realized I start college August 24th too :))
Wifi on steroids today! :D
Ha! I thought I had, so made sure I did! :)
alansmithpart2 Follback ya :)
Yay! Happy Publication month! I will ask to order it for me :)
Servus Alice Bonasio! Happy to have you in our doido's family :) Tell me what task do you want to delegate today?
Thanks lovely! #FF right back at you, have a lovely day :)
Aaahhh! I see... :)
and you go and tell the whole world to touch them :-)
Thanks Jen...top weekend everyone! :)
I have to add that to my information :) to be virgin it means that I have to bleed until I die right!! is that what virgin means
i can volunteer as one :p
Nice! Can we use it on non-Mapbox maps or is still restricted to be used only with Mapbox basemaps? (contractually speaking :))
thanks for this. We'll get this added to our student and researchers job board :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
love me just a little bit more :-)
I do love seafood :-)
Weltum he teh dety :p Huh =D
oh okay, I am sure we will soon enough :)
10 followers who aren't part of that annoying twitter group this side please :)
Photoset: katmtan: For the Swan Queen fandom :) Sorry the others are blurry! I was so far away and was...
Half 10 start :D
have fun besok.. :)
Dont b stupid Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)""
Hey James, thanks for the tweet. Not currently, no :). Let us know if we can help with anything else. -AL
Appreciate the follow. Like your tweets :) Dorset is a beautiful place!
you are a goddess :D
I honestly had a blast getting shitfaced with the chat and with all you kind souls donating over 70$ tonight, singing disney songs was :D
Hi Doug, how are you today? Thanks a lot for the follow, I look forward to tweeting with you :)
Counted it too :p 28* Bnte hain ;p
Shiiiitt :)
we all do sometimes. It will pass :)
in that case, cat videos are for all moods. I swear by them. :D
rm35 but still can negooo, male :)
Just like our sister show just said to you. Morning and welcome. :-)
Have a good day
madeline was in a little school run by nuns with a group of other little girls :-)
I don't have anything I need to wake up for :)
Good mornin my beautiful yapsters :-) Happy Friday and all that to you :-) xx
Finally got to ply my copy at ICON, so happy about that. And yes, I LOVE Alchemists :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x27
Yes. Thats very good!:) Hope some news for dayz in game preview :)
Thug :)
but tomorrow lmao hehe :D
#ShareTheLove for being top HighValue members this week :)
thanks for sharing! Enjoy the app! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
halsey : )
pretty but not for a holiday :) #FlipkartFashionFriday
Happy 30th wedding anniversary to my folks :)
Just in case Bae acts brand new :)
i'll have to ask first &gt;.&lt; i'll tell you in a few when she replies? :)
how's things looking for tomorrow? Does anything look like it will go wrong? :)
When you complain to someone about something and in the middle of your conversation they ask to go to sleep. Wtf. Rude :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Jgh bonding with ma niggs :))
Bring it on :))
#WSaleLove
Linking up with ReadingRes for #wordoftheweek #WotW Happy place!!! :-)
4:18am US EST... yeah, I earn money while I sleep....
The thing about me is... I don't sleep :-)...
haha WHATEVS, JESS! we all know you thought surry hills was near botany! :)
Awwwww cute :D
Well, Gel didn't know, I think... but yeah Alison might. :p
Lsa :D :D :D unexpected response fron unexpected person ;)
Another #ThankYou! for Debbie &amp; Carol :) Thanks for seeing a record number of patients in the discharge lounge yesterday. You're great!
Hi here :)
Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie bro :))
Just got back from Walmart :-)
ok try to balance both twitter n studies.. but don't take a leave :)
morning Hayley :-)
With the shoulder pads mounted my Inquisitor is finished... for now :)
#Cosplay #cosplayprogress
no problem Mike. :)
Tank u, have a great one hope ur busy :)
is that an issue? I dunno. Housing. Low pay. Job insecurity. NHS. Devolution. Dress that up in patriotism if you like :-)
Thanks :)
hey halla, i love your group, the ark! Its nice to meet you too, jiyeon's the name :)
Here if you want the full thing :)
Awesome Catch A Buzz video,Burnt Brian! That smoke mist is cool to the extreme!!! :D
OPI Avoplex Nail and Cuticle Replenishing Oil 15ml
Ideal for rough heels and elbows too :)
I'm serious - each one of those where an amazing submission in themselves. You've done well these weeks :)
Really glad to hear it. :) If you have anymore problems or need us we're only a tweet away. ^LB
But living in good memories always cherish you as well :)
Last night was flipping great fun! Learnt how to do a backflip :D
#JumpGiants #Backflip #FoamPit
I just made a song :D :D Plz give me some feedback Link::
I LOVE YOU!! From the USA. :)
pamer? :)
Here's your invite to become a Scope influencer :) Details here:
most kind thks -:)
this is kind of true :p #ActuallyThough
Today's Arts and crafts session with Mehtab Aunty :)
Just landed in GC!! Yeeew of to pre LAN :)
yeey :D
Strangely enough, the number of points you'll get all year too :))))
No idea. I have to phone up and arrange. :)
Morning Twitter People :D
A little doodle of the star of my comic, Summoner, which will be back up soon :) #art #doodle
none for you :)
mind to follback? :)
can I see legs in lycra :p
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Yes Vincent. We'll definitely do something about it. :)
where s his official account? :) couldnt find one.
should keep you going for a few mins lol :-)))))
listen :-) buddy :-) u wanna play it like this :-)
You're welcome :)
Thanks for the follow! :)
congrats, Roy! :D
what ???:p
Agree great advice for all here :)
when you have time, need
no bg img
circle crops of our heads
help with font? :D
thanks!
Great! I regret not getting a signed copy of #DeathOfGrass. John added "thanks for loan of the lawnmower" :-)
not a popular,or charismatic man.he will thrive long as the economy does,n when bubbles bursts so will Georgie :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x26
This is great! :)
I'll save you some :)
Don't get your hope up, you must travel a million years to get there in the first place :) #fls #sorry
I will do. You too!! :) xx
you have the kindest heart I ever know :D
Hey welcome to our building. :) will drop in and say hello sometime next week.
thanks! ICeland was amazing! Crazy landscapes - hope you can get there soon! :)
yok lah.. see you :p
going to be alot easier one way than the other is my view :)
Why? i like it :)
such a cute bag! :) #freebiefriday
Beautiful front view of La Concordia College visited and reunited with my friend xxxibmchll :)
Views from our office are pretty awesome and this is the ugly side! The sea side is even prettier :)
Hello this is not Imitatia oe Michelle, leave a mention :) #bot
I was waiting for a comeback about how gross I am :-)
To treat two different things as equal is a form of injustice
#feminism #ineedfeminismbecause .. actually we don't :p
Soon... we haven't forgotten about our people from PTA :-)
wait... is EVERYONE in that photo on the phone? I wonder if they are talking to each other lol :D
Why thank you James! If you're stuck for which cocktail to try next I definitely recommend the Virgin Redhead :) ^J
Thanks for your RTs Rose, much appreciated. :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Wacky :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
U should rather be finding the "BESTS" of a person than finding WORSTS, this makes ur life easy n the others too
#WayToLiveAHappyLife :)
You're welcome - thanks for following back! :-)
Awesome - looks a lot like the Hoxton in Holborn :)
Thanks so much :) xx
TODAY IN TEE TOURNAMENT!! #EqualityAct GET YOURS FOR ONLY 11$!! :D
oh no.....hope he's okay Karen. If he's like my old dog was he'll just start wagging his bum instead :)
wwoooo late nite drawings everyone come watch :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
That's ok :) Laiten - that's interesting, would you be able to tell us what the card looks like....?
I fell asleep arond 1:30 but it was really late considering I was working before and should have been exhausted :)
Oh its mean, i am mature :)
#FF keeping me busy :) xx
Thanks for playing #JourneyPS4! :D
The foam inside some lady's bra can mob a river!!!!:D=D. True or false?
just about send an all persons bulletin.. well.. tweet. Folk on here are fantastic! :)
Spring Fiesta 2015
Make Some Noise, Awuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!! Aich :)
Its Sept 4th #rudramadevi #anushka #Gunashekar Sir :)
harryxhood you're really pretty and I love the feel of your account so yaya that's nice :) we don't talk at all which is upsetting
Ooh what's that you're reading? New Humanist, that sounds interesting. Have you seen The Happy Reader magazine? :)
Username Changed! :D
Rape time at its best :D &gt;&gt;
school in 5 weeks :)
Check out my ride in #CSRRacing for Android! Try it for FREE!
a new one :)
:D absolutely. &amp; by the way, not 2 mention the lack of hygiene of tose very long clothes during hot temperature
you have changed so many lives too :) We love you so much! Best idols on the planet
Thanks as always for sharing the love Matt :) Will you be braving the weather this weekend?
Ready for the #GES2015Kenya :-)
Great work Ryan!, super tidy! DM us your size &amp; address and we will post your #HagerGang t-shirt to you! :D
My bad :D ChanHun already have individual photoshoot afterall~
Sadkaay,,, Tharkness at peak :)
WEll if that was a heatwave, we've lowered our standards. :-)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x25
No Exams Today :-)
Well you're about to get recruited to Team Doom. So The Nasty Crew is going to be affiliated. &gt;:)
jazmin Bonilla :), Wanna Secret guide to get Free Stars Kim Hollywood? Should check it now before you missed on my Bio
After Earth! :))
:) where are you situated?
Cool :-)
Cool :D
Hi John, please call +33 1 64 74 40 00 or go to City Hall to know if someone found Ted. Have a lovely day :)
Pixgram is an app to have a creative slideshow with photos and music you love. Download Pixgram for free :)
Today is a Happy Day :)) .
Yeah sure. :)
tentatively nibbling an apple and it seems okay :) xxx
Awwww! Ivy,I love her so much,more than you I wanna meet her! ^-^ Sho cute and sweet. :D #Angel :)
btw will you remember... :)
Post the vid! :)
i just did, i don't get it tbh :p but Ellie with superpowers is what i live for so i'm happy :p
when u r obsessed with OTH and watching the whole show for a third time :))))
when he thanked liam this year :))))))))
thanks :)
I love ,Problem? :)
#NgarepFollbackDariNabilahJKT48
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Lol! Big is beautiful and that applies to sunglasses too. Jackie O sunnies never go out of style :)))
You're very welcome and than You :)
(( its okay, now they're even! :D goodnight ))
great :), what did you think of it?
will do thanks. :)
Happy Birthday Jlo :D Forever JLovers &lt;3 I love you :)) Come to Turkey, Please :)
#Goodafternoon &lt;3 Thanks for the collage &lt;3 Loved it :)
I would love some treats for my little furry friend Bruce :) x
I did it ! I read all of it :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
Imagine News aayegi K is doing 3 Timming wiw Bips, Zareen &amp; Daisy.. B'coz 2 timming normal karte hai.. :p
okay. Thank you mak lega :))
They has a point! :) #marketing #branding
I really really really really really really like you :) :)
#PSYGustoKita
Thank you very much for sharing, we are delighted that you enjoyed your day with us! :-)
working it out, keep smiling :)
Lucky me! ~ Thanks sa spag and cake!! :)) &lt;3
Thanks for the follow back! :)
hello :)
In the boat business maybe it's "outboarding" too;)) coming back from a spell, reboarding?:) firing=offboarding! #HR
Good morning! SN16 9DG but stop following and follow signs instead as soon as you see them :)
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
Why not :-)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
Time to Fly :D
he has a very good system, he trades bnf for 50 points. :)
If you got nothing to do tonight,there's a concert of (he joined Jason&amp;Rob in Feb at their tour) at :)
#VictoriaSecret #store is #open in #Finland #Helsinki #airport . Got to get a plane ticket to somewhere :)
So SWEET... Both of you are THE BEST. :)
Beyond excited for LA :-)
onting tiis lng yan Nikki :) ;) u'll get better anytime soon!
you good lol I see how you feeling at nights :p
no problem :)
Steve Bell on John Prescott and the Labour leadership contest cartoon Let loose the dog! :)
Upside down :D
Thanks for your favorite You are so appreciated. :)
so next time you should get your fact right before making such a statement..:-)
#SelamatHariRaya
My running track this morning :) #lovesummertime Duke Dumont - I Got U (Official video) ft. Jax Jones via
:) awesomeee
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x24
Perfect! It makes us so happy when you guys are content :)
Thanks Geoff :)
Update: just finished packing and now the fly is stuck in my room :))))))))
This is brilliant :)
Hey and thank you for following :)
Happy Birthday to the amazingly talanted Hope this year brings you happiness and success because you deserve it all. Cheers :)
Enjoy the pics!!!! :D
FNAF 4 dropped...looks like no sleep 4 me : )))))
I'll just be sitting over here with an android phone like :)
follow my vsco :-)
Thankies! :D It's fucking hot! :D xx
#FF our shoot Mon :)
Yes I'm in &lt;3
BTW good hash tag :D
#IfIMeetAnAlien
Yaaay I get to see my bff tomorrow :)
looks gorgeous :)
You poor little thing! But what a cutie! :))
Have a happy weekend everyone and smile a lot. :)
if you want to catch up on last year's go to YouTube page and go to the players section :-)
can u follbaaack me? :)
really? That's great. Once it cools down a bit here in AZ, i might give this &amp; the cauliflower one an attempt. Thanks :)
enjoy :) prinsesa
Yaaah both families, ours and sa side ng brother in law ko, back home are so happy and with peace of mind na. :)
Amazing news! Enjoy your toy :)
Yesss!!! Sonaaaaaaa
is so beautifull :))))
ribs :)
think in could get a sponsor :)
Oops, here's another one. Josephine's mirror. :)
yours too :))
#CretaPerfect4Me #CRETAperfectSUV Creta Has Won Loads Of Hearts In Some Days, Many More Hearts To Be Won :)
thanks for following #telecoms Happy Friday :)
Thanks again for the retweet Judy :)
Thanks for following us! Have a superb Friday :) #ff
Wait, we're not in the YouTube comment section of a video that slightly mentions science, are we? :)
Meet Rakna :-) already love this little guy so much
We r with u :-)
ew whose playing fifa ? And wow sounds like a good lineup :))
thank you :) I wouldn't survive P90x either, I'm only doing the P90, that's the easy version :)
#Dishoom Make way for #Rajnigandha :) Only 3 days to go before I share with u all my version of this beautiful #song
the leader is Minju, the rapper is Yuna, the lead vocal is Yujin, i am Visual, maknae is Jane :)
i was literally just about to give up and just get general tickets but i tried one more time and i finally got m&amp;g :-)
Hah, given Hawk fans are saying they are the greatest side in history along with their team of the 80s, talkback will be fun :D
I'm sure it will be worth the wait. How exciting :-) x
We are in process of listing this feature mostly for all the cinema's. :)
Also, went driving for an hour today, and on more main roads to the shops, and it went quite well :) thanks
Waiting for to defend this new fashion atrocity :p
Im a Pandimensional being, you should see my other manifestations :)
Hey, for any further information you can give Argos card a ring on 0345 640 70 70 :)
you're jealous of me :) and yes plezzzz im so hungry rn
"Hey I think I'm gonna have an asthma attack I don't have my inhaler"
"omg r u gonna be ok???"
"Yeah u just took my breathe away :)"
We're always here if you want to talk :)
left wasn't a good fit for the team, goodluck in the future guys! :)
fantastic!!! Brilliant news :)
Blog Post &gt; THE HUNGER GAMES: MOCKINGJAY - PART 2 (2015): No More Teasers :-)
#TheHungerGames
EVERYONE adored you. Talking about it long after you left. New fans. I knew that would be the case. :-)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x23
hey, it's Reina :)
Sorry for sounding weird, I felt like crying.
I blogged, here it is :) Any excuse will not do! Problem attenders via
John is my fav too! :) and I also can't wait to see it!!
Thank you! :)
#happy friday whn is u birthday all u younger sisters :D:))
Good going Andre! Keep it up :)
Mamayang 11pm part 2 something about 1D magic 89.9 radio :)
hahaha agreed with you sir ...:D
Powys, close to the Shropshire border :)
PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :)
School's finally out, and only three weeks left until I'm back in San Diego. :)
I jump all the time :p
Me!! You'll have my support! :D
thanks :)
LOL :) Thank you. He is definitely a source of appeasement...
No worries! Let us know how it goes :) AJ
Ever been in this situation? - Thanks for the favourite :)
My kid has this certain action when he does his little grunt - - Thanks for favouriting :)
Then sc me :)
they would call it the Anti-Christ m8 :D
Its getting big! :-)
Thanks for the share Ju :D
Yes, He does :) [pic]
yes jack i fucking am :) thanks.
please read and reply my dm please.. :)
Brilliant :-)
come one, every now and then is not so bad :)
Halfway around the world and you've got nothing better to do, but to go after your ex best friend who's forgotten all about you :-)
If people don't have anything postive to say they should keep their opinions to themselves :) Looking good / strong as always
I luv ur avi :)))
Happy Friday lovelies! Have a great day and a lovely weekend :) #friday #smile #weekend #fridayfeeling
Dare you to run in the corridor :-)
Thank you so much for the mention! You're Awesome!! :)
Hello :) and #FFBack !
Close enough? hmmmm :))))
me neither :) excited!!!!! xxx
You can! :) Here's a quick rundown: -Mary
done yah :)
Get the amazing leviboard! This thing is the future of travel! Buy now and get 20% off :) Go to
Black and blue :)
Welcome to Kleper-452b!!
Catch up once in a while :( &gt;:D&lt;
It's my birthday and once again proves why she is my favourite news reader with her impeccable fashion sense :)
let's talk about setokido :D
yeah really I shoulda had my hippo ones on :)
done :)
Help me be materialistic and enter this showpo giveaway :D
i asked if she can open :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x22
follow me back? thankyou! :)
I trust you backed it then :)
thank you! :D
Thanks.:)
it makesme happy to see this :) keep smiling we love u
Sorted :D Santorini here we come #Escape
to team up with . Hoping to find the Beatport collection via Spotify soon! :)
HELLO! Hi :)
#TRMDHesitant
Manuel Valls, King of the Seven Kingdoms, King of the Andals and the First Men :D
Hi guys, how's it going? Thanks for the follow! Have a great day :)
Someone more mature than me taught me once how to hide your privacy. He was wise. :) Now it's time to me to grow up in some ways.
Natsuki often writes really catchy songs :D
Coughed myself awake :-)
You're welcome Neil :). What's the next match in Emirates?
Brill let us know when will have camera ready :)
Urquhart Castle: Find all events here: Hope that helps :)
simple is generally better. But I like the glass shatter one. Nice contrast :)
Anyone need a ride to #educampAKL tomorrow? Am leaving Rotorua early in the morning. Can pick people up on the way if you'd like to come! :)
pehly gold phir old... :D
somi is definitely so much more beautiful and better than you will ever be so i guess you people are just jealous bc you ain't her :-)
Happy burfday to me :D
Here's a cute panda to make your day! :)
I Need You :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
Glad to hear that they solved it Luke :) What was the name of the store so we can pass on your kind words? Gen
Late Lunch :) #KFC University of Santo Tomas
love it! :)
I'm so proud to have worked on it, I hope you enjoy it. Let me know you're views once you do :)
Norhing but the Dialogue was so helpful! More like this please! Love you guys :)
Thank you for coming last night! Was great to see you :)
Have a lovely time! If you get a chance, come say hello to us in the Garden &amp; Home Area, really hope you enjoy the show :)
You call me anything along the lines of "Jojo" and I will chainsaw you. :-)
All I'm just gonna do is laugh and shake my head - Life is filled with a lot amusement :) Lol
sure will! :))
Appreciate the follow :) have a lovely weekend!
Sense Of Awe :) via
She's nice. :-)
Here's a cute panda to make your day! :)
Not strong at moment... but me get better so can protect! :D
Need a shower and food first though :)
may well pop round 2ish. It's the school holidays :)
fahad bhai... :-) and please invite #iqrar and #waseem bhai in your show
Its not fair...... what about us??? Fans like us from Abroad will get hurt..... :)
need to put me in that rotation lol :)
very welcome :)
hey you survived the train :D
Delicious moviee :D Chef (at Grogol)
Thank you :) Happy birthday!"
[ Singles &amp; Dating ] Open Question : How can I start and keep a long and happy long-distance relationship?: Hi :) last week I was in a
no problem Rhys, have a good day. :)
just wanted 2 let u know that the music video for pwrfl didn't make sense but u having superpowers was hot :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
"That's a different department :D This is the #1 benefit of B2B vs B2C. It's someone else's money." Not soo funny enterprison ideas.
thank you :)
#schoolsoutforsummer Good luck all those fellow #parents who juggle work and the children :-) xx
Purrthos, Cathos and Catamis :D
Give it all. :D
Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" .Plz let me know what u think :)
I'm more for the drugs and alcohol Apexis Crystal Meth and Apexis Crystal Champagne while watching Apexis Crystal Palace FC :)
made some stuff tonight for a streamer :) it felt really nice getting the creative juices flowing again. havent done that in a while
thank you! :D
Great response! The correct hashtag is #CRETAperfectSUV :) #CretaPerfect4Me
New portrait by Izumi Fugiwara at Clonmel!
So refreshing and vibrant : )
Do you guys have an estimated time when the server would be up? :)
nope nope, it's better to keep quiet :)
Done! Yey :)
insha'allah.. It wil.. :)
will be very pleased to here it! :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x21
awww lovely trend!!!
no doubt in that :)
#AkshayMostLovedSuperstarEver
haha just indirecting my best friend on here :))
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
things are not looking great but it's alright :-)
#AskUrban. Ask us any question. :)
lyka follow back na :)
perfect evening light helped, have a good one Jackie :)
BEAT DA BEAT sits well with (includes new video) :-) #mobilegames #ios8 #Android
I always tell myself to not take that nap because I won't be able to sleep at night but like I always take that nap :-)
my aff uname id jonginuh, feel free to add me :)
Billie :-) But what happened to his arm???
TGIF! Forecast is rain from 10am to 5am :D In a weird way, I don't mind! I'm in work anyway and the rain can be kinda soothing in Summer ^^
Final Fantasy VII :)
You sweetheart! Thank you! :)
We can't, it's going to be great :D
The happiest birthday to you! I hope you'll have a wonderful day! :)
thank you. ..:-)
Get your party shoes ready - only 8 days to go till the next Keep Calm Jump On party :) Special party ticket...
IT IS JUST BEYOND WORDS, sooooooo freaking good! I'm going to die before it comes out!! :D
we like this wonderful and original recipe! we share with #foiegras lovers! :)
:))) and zayn :)))
Woah. Okay. Expect tweets when this fucker dies again! :)
it was a really good stream thank you! :)
Pet Mouse has to be the winner, thanks :)
New story illustration for your visual pleasure. Thanks for looking :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
:) yeah no problem!
wohoo...you are colour perfect :) #WSaleLove
Thanks for the follow and back at ya :)
"Gleam of Jazz" is my original painting. Thanks a lot for the Retweet! :) x
Just 5 mins can do so much :)
Deal. I'm great with kids :)
HERE WE COME!! Hope it stops raining at some point :D
Google has made really very sad about not becoming Prime Minister. :p
have an idea :D for the #sunjam!!! hope i don't rip off people in the process *cough cough*
I think I was the only designer in the industry not present :)
We like to keep students busy with practicing and using English in proactive environment. :)
Thanks - nice to finally see the end of the works (nearly...) :)
You're welcome, I'm glad you liked it :)
Unreal training boys!
Awesome work Zaine, Zac and Isaac! :)
Oss!
I just remembered my "Oh my God Frank Iero" phase. :D
Thankyou bro :)
Lol. One word, David. :)
You're doing well for a beginner then! Thanks for the follow too. Have a good weekend :)
The sun may not be shining here, but at least its nearly the weekend!!! Happy Friday People :-)
tomorrow morning mate :)
My beautiful sunflowers on a sunny Friday morning off :) #sunflowers #favourites #happy #Friday off
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Who trying to go to the movies tommarow I'll pay :)
yo yall should invite me for ranked :))))
TV Game as a kid :) #BirthdayMonth
since no ones up &amp; I'm bored :) add me
HAPPY 15th BIRTHDAY VIANEY!!! (a.k.a BFF) :) #bffs #youre15 #july24th #birthdaygirl :D
My town's sister town :D
all fixed! :-) Thanks Andrew!
Yeah I had 2 keys too. You can guess who I gave mine too :D
Time for an awwww with Connie &amp; Don't forget to checkout her #brilliant music vids on #YouTube &amp; follow with us :-)
We love #Friday :)
OTWOL shooting awhile ago! :) -G
#OTWOLGrandTrailer
Single Man :) :*
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x20
"I am just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her" my all-time favorite quote from a Julia Robert movie, haha! :)
Awwhh #cute #bulldog #Friday #happy
Have a good friday everyone :) x
that's unfortunate! Our best advice is to call our support team on: 02079 490 132. Let us know how you get on :)
I was just watching "A baby is born!" Episode and I can't help but think is sweet, kind, caring and has had 5 kids. Keep it up :)
someone say :p #FightStickFriday
and eat and drink and be not extravagant;
surely He does not love the extravagant.
morning! Have a lucky Friday folks :)
9am tearout selektion with the yoot! :)
fingers crossed :-) #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
then I'll try to write something about dead people today :)
Congratulations and well deserved We're buzzing for you! :)
Was drawing for fun, subject is a friend :)
Goodafternoon :)) Gudday~
Hey Dave, I'd like to help! Could you DM me your full address and drop me a tweet once you have please? :) #HaileyHelps
Indeed. Thanks for link to article :)
Happy Eid Mubarak brotheeeeerrrr :D
Hey Paul, have a great day :)
Great photos, thank you very much for sharing your adventure with us! :-)
Went to Tokyo station for dinner :)
its good to see someone from Kansai area !
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
good luck and cherish what you have an amazing gift of life :)
Going on a follow spree!! And l took this selfie :)
ID BE SO GRATEFUL IF YOU GIFTED ME #NotAnApology :-)
I Love You :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
follback?:)) x
"Day In Life"-video uppe om 60 minuter! :D
Sir I wish such detailed data was available in India :-)
I couldn't agree more :-)
Soooo pretty :D
my main man jesus just looking out for me :)
Got my ticket for Amsterdam! Can't wait to see you guys perform for the 3rd time :)
lets do it. You drink again? If not I'll both your drinks and mine :)
Nextweek :)
sends booty pics 2 my bestfriend bcuz what is a bae :-)
Step is good option in that case ... I use that a lot . Stable and sturdy :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
how are you Olly? :)
lukkkee my birthday is in 3 days it would be an awesome birthday present to get your follow !!:)
hehe..ok da..am leaving now..see u again.ensoi lunch and day..keep smiles n tc madam :))
thanks for following #telecoms Happy Friday :)
AMAZING, you all deserve it siddi :D
thank you and thanks for watching :)
Leader ulit. :)
I had a good dream. Its a sign that Im going to get along with my unknown roomie. :)
Hi thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys here if you need us :)
Gn :) Jesus loves u all
Awesome, thanks so much for helping me :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
&lt;&lt; Make sure you have a look &amp; leave a comment on our articles :)
I will ^^ thanks bae :)
did u know that in some places thats ok as long ur gf gives consent and so does her family :)
Hey , is it you? :D
My mister is the best mister :) supportive, kind, and absolutely amazing :3
Yay another vine I love it. PLEASE can you do more vines?With peyton too :)
I will thanks. :)
I am actually enjoying Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu more than I thought I would :D
I blocked him too. Because I can :)
Thankyou so much :)
You would know huh , looking in the mirror every day :)
ArchdBanterbury ArchdBanterbury ArchdBanterbury ExpertTradesmen So who is feeling sharp this #friday #morning :) #banter #quiz #tradetalk
big floofs in your face muahah &gt;:)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x19
goodnight :))
Thank you Alice :)
I think it's well past that :D and gives me so much anticipation for the future!!!
JDs! Laro tayo :) Tag your answers to us with our ht :)
angElica - "anghel" :---))
#OTWOLGrandTrailer -AA
Thank you kkk :)
Yeah! She plays the pretty girl at the bus stop :) X
ok good :)
is it a macbook? :p
Id like to think people know who I am :)
Took leave to rehearse for #YouthCelebrate at Keep my bro company on :)
muted :-)
it's not okay now, but i will be okay :)
waiting for 29th July :D
will be coming tomorrow team ;) Count me in :) #GOHF
link plz :p
done :)
First time buyers your invited :-)
new still :)
I'll be living with a vegetarian too so I'm sure she'll help me :)
good morning Steve ...have a gooday! #ff :)
Hi Jack, best thing to do would be to call 101 :)
amazing when I answer the door to the mail man and he tells me I look rough, yep thanks :)
jazmin Bonilla :), I just want to info you there is a Secret to get 12000 Stars Kim HOllywood, Check them on my Bio
a mail follback :)
Thanks for Sharing Dear Oshieer! :)
#realreviews #happycustomers #realoshi #dealsuthaonotebachao
Found this little guy at my store. no bigger then a dime. :)
Thanks a lot Carol, the same to you! :-) #FF
Thankyou very much. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your tour! :)
baby Im worth it uhuh :)
waiting for the code now :)
welcome on board :)
We wish you a pleasant time on-board, Raheel :) #FlyHigh
Let's do this again :)
a little suggestion that we do another 1D Day :)
or if they're even familiar with the idea if snapchat. Im sure they have phones but question is are they bothered enough? :p
Thanks Everette Taylor for the follow! We appreciate the support! Be sure to like us on Facebook :)
Fair enough :-)
Done :)
Ha-ha, But Only of Couple of Girls :)
#WSaleLove
Hey and thank you for following :)
yes please would be great for work :D #Peachyloans #FridayFreebie xx
Thanks for the retweet Noe :)
Just kidding . I'm 20 :)
Work today for a better tomorrow. :)
wow i like ur tattoos Thank you :) I love them too!
Yisss! #bindingofissac ! Been waiting for #xboxone release :) Well done on the console release!
If you want a dm to justin let me know and I'll gladly give it to you :)
My gorgeous son &amp; I in #Morocco last year with . What a special #holiday that was. Peru nxt year! :)
all BPs to the snap :)
Up early for work. :)
resort right? :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x18
or she can just win bob :) :)
:) HavuuuuuLoveYouuuuuuuuu:)
I just started using mine a few weeks ago :) After a long break.
Try to stay possitve hun :) Sending hugs :) Hopeyou are as ok as you can be sweetie xxxx
Have fun :p
but look forward to joining the conversation! :)
no movie has but books
One more 'thank you' to FT fandom from my side too :)
Now this is what I call #ThrowbackFriday !! Christen ki yaad aa Gayi :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
and you! Hope it's a great one :)
The one time I went outside to look at stars and be peaceful I saw a opossum running thru my bushes so that shit ain't for me :-)
ok no worries :)
Have a nice day queen! :)
A belated good morning to you, sir :D
Yeahh 100% &amp; have a good day too :)
funny how you use "kuffar" computers, cell phones and social media to spread your diarrhea though. Immigrant lice :D
Looking for fun? KIK - goictived70685 #kik #kikmeguys #xxx #tagsforlikes #webcam #trapmusic #hotmusicdelocos :)
Morning. Hope you're keeping well.
Got anything nice planed for the weekend?
Thanks for the follow as well. :-)
keeps asking me to show him my kinickers Miss. Next time you see him, can you beat him extra hard please? Very kind of u :)
Best night of my life!!!:)
Happy Friday all :-)
You can catch us on 01282 452096 if you want a chat :-)
shady af lol the management said no reservation on 11 sept :)
happy days, will get tkts too :)
likewise on the incredible food folks - keep up the great work! :D
Have a good day/ good night
Enjoy :)
Say hello to 'overgeneralization'! :-)
yeah I will :) and Ikr I like the pic
I like that it doesn't have to be about consumerism :) Treat Yo Soul
YAY! Can't wait! Hope I can keep up - been swimming more than riding recently, but will do my best :)
Feeling like shit :-)
i'll add more fics tomorrow :D
#ouch slip disc is sore today
bring on thw swimming and chutes :)
Morning everyone! :D
Great way to start the day! :D
chalut :)
Give me a minute. I'll take a look. :)
listen live! :) :) :)
This dog guy is hilarious brilliant interview - replay on iplayer later it's so funny :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 4 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Making me come at 10am when the test is at 11am, thanks for the unneeded stress :)
*Future MegaMoh in 7/29/2015* Happy Birthday to me :)
Lol, Happy Friday peeps! :D
Men are like power tools. They make a lot of noise but its hard to get them to work. :)
well I travel all around New Zealand in the holidays so hopefully we could meet up? :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
yeah and when everyone wakes up in the morning they'll see your big pile of dump :) cool
actually, gf couscous is not as bad as I thought it would be. I'll send you some links :)
nice! It sounds awesome! :)
More about things I know... Women's Fiction :)
you're welcome :)
thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
Wahahaah. If only :p
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x17
Thank you very much lovely, I'm really pleased you did :)
When people tell me I have good taste in music :D ^.^
he looks different??? :)))
I want to read that Orhan Pamuk is my hero :)
good morning :-)
Fall in love under a canopy of maple leaves! Secrets at Maple Syrup Farm is out now :) Happy Friday, all! xx
thank you Stephanie! Ily2 :)
congrtaualtions :)
Oh of course, that's how I understand it. I noticed the issue as well. And Phileas Club inc tomorrow! :)
when you smile, I smile :)
follback :)
I'm not a photographs. just Phonegraphs :)
Srsly today was like the best day ever :))
haha, no not at all; 10:17 here :D
happy birthday ripaaaaa :)
Guys with blue eyes :D
ye banate hain :D
Good morning :) I hope Friday is off to a great start for you! x
the patients. Children crying in x ray dept...not to leave lol. Must say its a lovely, very pleasant hospital. Have a grt weekend :)
I have seen some of the new features, but I've not tried the infographic yet, sounds like good stuff :D
#ShareTheLove for being top HighValue members this week :)
The four o'clock coffee habit. :-)
#ThankYou1Dfor a great roadtrip during the WWAT :)
Ok, 19:30 at the Apple store at IFC. Then we'll pick a place to go to :-)
I didn't changed, you just didn't know who I really am :) #credits
Yes! Bath Bombs are back two great new products! I can't wait to order mine :) Whip me up Bag of Bombs...
please throw your awesome smile lilsisbro :) hopefully your career is always SUCCESS.!!.
New phone, today was cool :)
Just pre-ordered Pixar's Inside Out steelbook! :D
welcome :)
hmm thanks :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
I just loved this...Hope U love it too :)
I hope your okay! *super big smiles and hugs* :)\(^.^)/
It made me happy, too. :-)
Pegell, lemess (n) :D
I Miss You :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
Kyle, we wont be sending emails right now but ur paypal confirmation is all you need on the night :) See u in Oct!
tud jst :D
They're so addictive aren't they! Beautiful flowers :) and Humphrey is very cute!
Any help / advice / info you need - just yell :) You can normally catch us on here, erm, all the time ;)
Walk Back From The Breach .... :)))
Happy Birthday for July 24th! :) #superheroes #scififan
Lemons bought for yogurt pot cake. Discovered yogurt out of date! lemon version of liquorice pud possible do you think? :)
I am trusting enough to believe you and I salute you! :)
I'm also moving tomorrow. Good luck with it all :-)
You're welcome :)
Tell him that I'm here. :)
Made Cajun chicken with spiced Couscous for dinner! So yum :)
#cajunchicken #couscous #food #dinner
true shit :)
Glad :D
congratulation once again... INFINITE deserved it... :D fighting for Mubank today. I'll always support INFINITE ^^
gern :)
happy belated birthday cikaaawish you all the best o:) maaf telat ngucapinnya :D
maaaaaay have just pre-ordered :D
Larry is real :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x16
tuesday :))))))
After a long day/week, #Viparita #Karani (#LegsUpTheWall) is the perfect pose to unwind... EnJOY!!! :-)
good night :)
jesus :D what is going on ? first you get robbed and now this ....
This is Coco, she does like to be comfy :)
Oh, the beauty of the world under water :)
But yeah if you call me "jalulu" don't even continue to talk to me all cause I hate you :D
Off to the USA! Rosh and I on our travels again :) Glasgow International Airport (GLA) -
yes he is avail here :D
wanna join?
I am :) also, I'm super late sending your presents but it's going out next day delivery today! x
#FlipkartFashionFriday Im Sure This Dress Will Suit Perfect To Pallavi :)
Welcome :) In Nairobi for #HRDsTellObama a regional civil society dialogue on human rights in the region."
To all our students around the globe,
WE MISS YOU!!
Enjoy your summer and we'll see you soon! :-)
Happy birthday hajur :) :)
Yayy! :D Thanks ;) #GOHF
wow. So much hate came your way for speaking truth. Must've hit a nerve. :) keep speaking out.
prelims exam tomorrow :-) #costacc
Goodnight :D
Well I made it 13 weeks NWB is officially over today!! :D Now I just have to wait till Monday so I can start the long road to walking again.
:) -Mary
How every day off shud begin :-)
enjoy :)
That was cold. :)
In glad that lasted ONE day :)
You too girl hmu sometime :)
No worries. Thanks too for the follow. We hope you have a great day, not long till the weekend :)
Love it all :) wow!! Picked up a Cala brush myself the other day!
Sometimes it's all about choosing between your ego and your relationship. :)
Wherever you are I'll always make you smile :)
Sooooooooo happy for my grades :D
I really like their interaction. How Sunny offers her help to her dongsaeng, Chorong. And the friendship among idols. :)
thanks for the ffs :) x
Many thanks to all :) via
Most Impressive...........what were you doing when you were 13? Now don't you feel bad about yourself? :)
Many thanks to all :)
awww but i was going to ask for a dragon duck with mix of a cheetah :p
WAGGA WAGGA FOR PHASE 2 COURSEWORK - COMING AT YOU !!! :D
No problem at all, you too :) Lorna
Just a bit to big to scan so will add them to the pile :)
Eye 10"x12" Oil on Canvas pad.
#painting #canvas
Happy Birthday Iqbal, Wish You All The Best :)
ima leave this. right. here. :-)
it was nice knowing you :)
#ff Likewise ur hon
we are friends again now :) hahaha
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
Great work Matt :)
That thanks bro ! x" is my everything :-)
Aja besi chati phulani swasa bahari jiba !! :p But Congrats :) Keep spreading the smiles like you always do with you tweets !!
Mumbai &amp; gujarat rain distrubed collection otherwise BB week should have been 190cr+ inspite of that BB is highest record holder till now :)
lol my whole family threatens to do that on a daily basis :D
Happy Friday everyone! Don't let the rain get you down, why not escape to the beach in #VR we need you today :)
ok good to hear. Keep it up! :-)
pamper day :) Great Cuts Angelo Justin in Quezon City)
I've gotta go home and put on my sweatpants and hold my breath until I die :)
lovely guy, isn't he? :-) ...and he looks like James Bond in
happy tripping, Farbridges! :-)
Smile like you mean it :) ##SegalaKataKata
The Nixus adventure has begun :-) time to make some flint tools haha
Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" .Plz let me know what u think :)
PICK ME PLEASE! :)
haha! Thank you! :)
oh right. That's a good idea, instead of having to do them separately :)
... hes attacked, criticised for every gesture, word, pedal stroke. one must be attentive and notice little things :)
me too :-) ^Caro
THANK YOU!:)
20 deposit to secure one :)
I love you more! :)
travel in style :-)
i don't know what helped me more to get awake ... the shock when i spilled my coffe or the rest of the coffe :D
happy birthday with chocolate lovers cake.....tenerina!!!! Auguri from Italy :) best wishes :)
Ohh I hope so :) Till then... #hugs
This sounds nice :D
Vyapam received ISO certification :D
me: knows exactly what i want and how to get it
me: is paralyzed by my anxiety and sadness
me: lol :)
Get more at :)
Yup, got about 12 of the books so far :D
so cool :)
thanks for sharing! Enjoy the app! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)
#PBB737Gold ONE DIRECTION :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
you're welcome :)
Follow me, follow back mention ! :)
Hey it'd be great if you share my blog.. I started writing blogs :) check it out and let me know how's it
Finished our development testing out in Spain , next up are the official tests. Who is excited for season 2 ??:)
I want to make someone happy. thats my def for Happiness :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
Bantime: -1 :) #fail2ban
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x15
That awkward moment when you feel that you got abs Because you can't stop laughing reading 's tweets :D
Galing ni founder loveyaaaah :))
If you don't as you don't get! Just follow this link to find the code :) Enjoy! -Tom
gn love u see u in 2 days :)
thank you lovely specialist breathing people :))
done bb :) aw this is so sweet thank you babyyy
Fav for a Dm :)
... please follback :) I love ur voice .. and all about u ... :) hehehehe &lt;3
It always amazes me how people forget to drink water! Drink water people :)
#DJStruthMate Re-cap show starts at 11am UK time today. Featuring y'all :) #URock !
thank you oppa :)
Same here Sunny :)
I see Flickr Pro is back :-)
thanks :)
sure :)
tack! :-)
If you see #ZephBot , this is a bot :p
Hhahahahaha!!!!!!!! Just blew upp the entire The las Vegas strip!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D Fuck Youuuuuuu, VEGAS!!!! hahahaHahhaha
wishing you a happy Friday :) xxx
Thanks for the retweets - have a cool weekend :)
probs still wondering around Callie's bc the poor puppy had a terrible owner :-) #callinganimalabusehotlineasap
look we made our final design, hope you like it :)
And number two of the week done, Gorefiend Mythic live :)
YOU ROCK! Thank you so much for the mention :)
Ok! Your reminder is set for 9:00am. Reply to this if you want to change the time :)
Have to be up in 4 hours :))))))
bea miller lockscreen
rt/fav if you want it
mbf so we can dm it to you :)
-keesh
yesterday's groupie with bebe &amp; sizams :)
Sore :D
A4. I would love to Gift My Sis this Blue KURTA as Blue is Her Fav. Color :))
#WSaleLove
Thanks for following You are most welcome. :)
Thanks #TopNewFollowers Happy to connect :)
Dont b stupid Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)"
I'd like that! :D
Kindly check your email. We're done sending invoices since kanina pong umaga :)
Hey Jay! What browser do you typically use? :) -Mary
follow back me pleasse :)
thank you for making a dream come true. Saturday sushi? ;) :D
Leeteuk Oppa,Miss You :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
Pearl Thusi :)
that's what u get for pouring milk first :-))))))))
You can get the TGV from Paris Austerlitz down to Blois which is 12 miles away from Chateau des Marais and then get a taxi :)
:-) i read about today and I'm so excited !!
hello yaya. :) #TRMDHesitant
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x14
Hmmmm delicious chicken curry this Friday - thanks noms :)
Nice Enji..... good job :-)
dear haters :)
hi! to enter, purchase a specially-marked First Choice Custard pack &amp; enter via SMS through on-pack instructions :) good luck!
the best one... :)
Our tiles, while a nice green, are boring - but I love the original glass door the guy downstairs has :)
We couldn't have said it better ourselves, Kelly! So glad you're enjoying your nibbles :)
Morning! :)
I will visit the Greek ruins in Petra, When you have my back. :)
shadowplaylouis we recently got this mutual and I'm really loving your tweets and everything your about so yay that's exciting :)
Hey r u a camera? cuz everytime I look u I smile :) #liveonstreamate
Woohoo! Welcome aboard, Lani - great to have you grazing with us :)
Ah it looks fab - Pride of place! #BristolArt :)
Well apparently i'm not sleeping seeing as it's already starting to get light out ha ha ha :-)
thank you for the follow :)
Hi Dave, please contact our in-App support chat so that we can ensure you get it on time! :)
Was your first item to edit your list? :)
well... screw those guys! u keep smiling :)
You're welcome, Amber! Hope you're enjoying them :)
thank you! I do several steps on them so I appreciate you noticing :)
They didn't deserve that shit :)))))
Morning! Thank you for RTs. : )
our exciting news is that it's only 43 days till Hpc party :) x
i drew :))
#WIP #SWS #crush
Thank you for Following! :)
Talk to me :-)
Interview with the Newsround News Hounds at 7:40 today :)
thank you Ada :D. Long time no see
We all know a racist called "hulk" :D
Sleep tight world :) Say your prayers.
pardon ? :))))
from PHL to Abu Dhabi, with love and blessing hihihi. :) #TeamJanuaryCLaims100 #GoDonna
msg me where you play fantasy... maybe we can get in same league :) #bowwowchicawowwow
Settle main air dkt porch :p
Download the Uber Mobile Application and then you can place the order from the same. :) #enjoy
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
the sun is shining so I'm gonna make the most of it :)
Thankyou x :)
Welcome to Family..:)
Sending some laughter &amp; giggles your way
thank u :) being happy, who knew?!
And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. Kahlil Gibran :)
The Flash... All day long :)
Sounds fun. :)
i think its that good old stiff upper lip which is the reason we were called great britain :D
but it's okay :)
-Latmon
im good :)
I'll stay dry :) I would do that...just to end the pain :)
thank you for the follow! :)
might be a worthwhile endeavour then :-) excuse for a weekend away
like :-)
Well good luck Anne. You can always go the Indie route if you have no joy. :)
it's you :)
5 more days until everyone experiences OS exploits in windows and everyone has to get new computers :)
IGN :) IGN AU Pubcast 120: The Hero We Deserve, Tengaman: Tuesday, July 21 was a celebratio... #LetsProcrastinate
I need something to do on Tuesday. I've got the whole day off :D
Same here :D
learn how to spell ::))
wow, thanks Donna! Determined to get more women cycling - it's amazing &amp; changed my life :)
follow back me pleasse :)
All set then. We just have to wait for the notification to install Windows 10 on your PC. :) ^MM
Glorify in your infirmities! Realizing how silly we are makes us realize how suave and gentlemen our God is :)
In other news, I'm just 34 miles from hitting my monthly mileage target, with a week to go yet :-)
I want an iphone!!! So i could facetime people and take nice pictures cuz this samsung quality sucks :p
Thanks for sharing :-)
ey you've got a message from Beth :) x
watched shes dating the gangster for the 2nd time and i realized something
i love athena's style :-)
Current playlist :D
More I look at that, the more I rather fancy right now.
Bye Wellington, you've been awesome, I hope we meet again. :)
*fellow woman proud moment*...i wanna b rich so i can move there :-)
Keep your eyes peeled soon Christina! Have you signed up to our newsletter? Most offers go there first! :)
Thanks zy, let's be friend yaa :)
You are welcome. Hope it helps :)
he doesnt olur :D
say hi :)
new video people, check it out :)
thanks for following :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x13
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
#StarSquad Can I please get a follow? :)
see you soon :) the things we do for him
:) It's from Flawless remix
Thank you guys, really. :) I am happy to see so many good reactions. Makes me wanna draw more and more
Yes DAD :)
thanks bro :)
OMG! I'm sooo jealous :)
Thank you for a wonderful feedback sir, We hope to see you soon again :)
hmm but gold is... :p
not everyone will stay with you through out your life my dear :-)
he is being so damn cute :)
follback :)
Goodnight Hayli :)
Look what arrived for me today... Super thanks Edwin Elvena and EMC. Much appreciated :D
it was great watching with fellow fans :D
It's NEVER a bad time for a bath, if you have us Rubber Ducks with you! :-) #quacketyquack
I've sent you an email full of swearwords. :-)
Pixar's Inside Out is out today. I asked 5 members what's their favourite subject about the brain :)
I'll take the infection :)
lol. it's 10:16 right now. when you just wrote. :D
come over :)
I'm dead...thank you for doing this to me :))
haha I guess I'm not a video game nerd. I do like Christophe Gans' other films though - check Brotherhood of the Wolf out :)
I have no interest in speaking to you ever again. :-)
out of sleeping pills so I've just been nocturnal these past couple days :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
...... and we have a special offer on this ! RRP 18.99, our price 13.99.....:)
Lol! Read the article first. :)
Thanks a million for keeping an eye on our tweets, always appreciated :)
Jah Wobble and the band tour dates :D
Shout Out To Me For Being A Retard :D
Nice :D
Waking up to that. :D #50notifications
Eye check-up! :)
I LIKE PUNS :D
You're part of an elite group :)
camillus pleaseee? :)
The only reason I would hand it back - spare tyre in the boot.. Otherwise it was true Star :-)
Cheers. Realised you weren't joking. :)
Morning msgs :)
* love in the air *
quote tweet with a dm you really want and I'll surprise a few of you :)
Ahahah I'll do that too!!! :)
That's a shame - I thought we were getting somewhere. Abandoning talk with those who disagree w. you gets us nowhere! :)
contradict yourself continuously to create chaos contained in your cranium :)
Sneakers of the day :) #nike #nikeoriginal #nikeindonesia #pierojogger #skoy
goodnight :)
Happy Friday :)
Do you have exciting plans this weekend?
There is a winter ball here in the Falklands
ME! Can't wait :)
Follow :)
haha! Thank you! :)
Congratulations :-) x
No problem, I'll answer your DM soon :) Thanks, Jamie-Lee
Be sure to check out my last edit if you haven't already. :)
congraaats guysss :)
What an event it was :) #KFCkitchentours
hooh :)
I use Chrome :)
thank you :) im glad to be a part of it!
Hope for great success! Waiting to be released in Korea :)
Good morning!!
And a very, very happy birthday to you! :) Have a good one!
Late night storms&gt;&gt; thunderstorms could put me to sleep every night.. :)
Made it to our Las Vegas Hotel! :D #CircusCircus
congrats omgg good job for today's race :) thankie, good job for tdy race too ((-:
hi there we made our final design, please check it :)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MA :)
Good going Peter ! Keep it up :)
"The Mega Powers Expelled" :-)
just boughy EX kernel manager. Love the old version and the new one is even better. :)
over slept:):):)
I love how the second I fall asleep on my back I fall into sleep paralysis :)
we love you Liza!:)
lol.Hook up :D
OMG, I can't believe from The Vampire Diaries followed me! Thank you so much....Best day ever :)
twice daily if it were with you :)
ThanQ have a gooday! #ff :)
Found some goodwill gold today :-).
wonderful! &amp; re: your question about our #vandr workshop: I'll also send more info later today :)
Thanks Ash! :)
So this is debatable :)
seed 3 beat seed 9 on solar 6-5 as shown thank you! :)
I Who wants a #FF S/O??""
I have both in love you so much :)
An human that be like to eat many tacos here in Mexico. The taco is the best thing in my country! Viva Mxico :D
Best Burger so far!do you agree? :) #retweet #food #burger
same here :D #AlDub #TheBestAngKapuso
:) Lets take it lighter down, shall we?
awesome :)
Sweet tooth! :) #retweet #icecream #food
Morning all... ITS BACON ROLL FRIDAY :D
Be patient :D Korean netizen are crueler than I thought. :o"
#WSaleLove thank you for your best wishes :)
elephants also enjoy the taste of the unique Marula fruit :)
#TDIF! We will be doing our #FF shoutouts shortly! :)
- #itsamarvelthing
#Marvel
When one of japan's pop artist become one of my follower on IG... Nice :)
getting off 4 a while need to do homework. will probs upload tomorrow seeing i have the time 2 :)
Hi Marco, the fruits and herbs in our parks are for all to view, so we hope you'll just appreciate them with your eyes. Thanks! :)
it's actually gonna start at 1 pm for me so :))))
Low self esteem I Don't Know :)"
patience is something i don't have but still i m a #sobtian :p
hahaha hope for ..:p
my favorite account &lt;3 just too cute and aww :) thanks for making this account :) x
yeahh :-)
I'm giving my coworker four more minutes until i call him :)
Hey! a lot of you write me about my Deathly Hallows as Supernatural so here you go! :)
definitely a good news... for the consultant...:)
Anytime anytime. :)
nope. Up in himachal :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
2.25k is nothing to be ashamed of dude not when you've just started :-)
lol omg duh. Well go win some money :)
Good or lucky, I don't care. :))
oh we're not in charge of that! our buyers just inform us that they joined the contest and won :)
finished downloading more than 10 movies and one complete tv series from last night. Now WHERE.DO.I.START. :)))))) #moviemarathon
Happy birthday then :D
Especially when your conversational skills sucks :D
"Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows" :)
never been a fan and never owned a pair! If I'm gonna wear typical coloured shoes it'll be Cortez/Superstars! :)
Many Tthanks Colin :-)
Hello :) We offer internships in luxuous hotels worldwide, sure you'll find one for you &gt;&gt;
sure babe :)
Look forward to watching those! :)
We're so glad you discovered us! :) Let us know if you have any questions!
only a pleasure, Tarryn! Shot for listening :)
Humans basically dont want peace and calm... Otherwise they would be spreading and practicing Science and Goodness... :) :) :)
Hello ate #HBDMe :-):-)
if you'd answer of course. I understand completely if you would not like too :)
See yah on Sunday :)
Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)
yeeeeyyy Congrats .. :-) #GOHF2015 #BarsoStay
malese :D
Great, thanks lovely :-). Almost 40 responses in the first hour!!! So delighted. Some really great comments on what next.
Brilliant article in the independent! Sums up the current Labour leadership debacle perfectly. Enjoy! :)
that's awesome. Other people take much longer for that :)
It's nice talking to someone and not using them
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x12
Add my SNAPCHAT - AmyJackson21 #snapchat #snapchat #sex #wife #omegle #countrymusic #sexy :)
Downloading New Songs :)
I just got the Five Night's at Freddy's 4 Demo and getting ready to record it, I'm super pumped for this as I'm a FNAF fanboy :D
Off cycling with #thegrandad and :)
First Impression? :)
Hoping for a Grand SidNi Remarriage on the occasion of 1 year completion!! Congratulations! :)
Five Nights at Freddy's 4 | Night 1 ! :D
Follow for more quotes. :)
People still code in those languages?:) But you're right. For me as a Java guy, PHP's notion of references is equally confusing
nope :p
you met Amy?!? Ohioans stick together :)
I have been sitting here for an hour:) there is still no doctor here:) I am sitting in a hospital with no doctor:) :) :) :)
Just let us know the best address for you :)
My app is looking for influencers :) If you're interested, here's your invite
thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! Ambre Suzan 268 4
Looking for offline #TheSims4 game guides? We've got you covered! :)
#MadonnaMadeMTV C'mon, ur turn #MadonnaFamily #MadonnaFans :) One more time, let's all do it. Just a few tweets each
thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! Beverly Martin 1277 1093
mb s/he needed more coffee :-)
thanks! You're very kind but good looks with no power kinda meaningless, no? :)
Common - Celebrate, never fails to get me in a good mood :)
Trying out some face paint for our show #MuertosAtFringe :)
thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! _gta_giveaway 624 179
nice to see some emulation being brought up :)
Indeed. May I email you for a bit more info ? :-)
well i have no idea :p
Some of you guys are saying that you don't have omegleyou could just use google :) that's what I'm doing
your lil bro...ES corner? :)
So, the enemies can simply go around it!:-)
Thank you Beiruting! :)
I've had such a crazy, but great day today! So glad just to relax tonight though :)
thank you :)
Thanks Eric for the mention. ou may not have wanted to do that considering.. :)
Why have i just painted my nails pink :) ???
omg you can't just tell this and don't say more :p can't wait to know !!!!
done :D
I have no idea :) cc :)
okay then :)
This earth. . . :D
well at least it'll be refreshing :p
who cares? :D haha
:) meoooowwww
wolf wolf wolf barkkkkkkkiiideee bark
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x11
Routine is great as long as you enjoy the view at the end of it - Thanks for the favourite :)
oh cool :D Hope you like it!
thanks bro ! :D x
I DREW ALEKS :D
it's for you to find out. :) i know you haha
Awh, Good luck upgrading! :)
Kumpul cantik ganteng ~ :) (with Kresna, jelly, and 3 others at Simon &amp; Sons) [pic]
Thanks Lesley! Lovely to see you. Have fun in France :)
Here's a life lesson you can teach your kids this weekend :)
Thanks Helen! Keep in touch and if you ever want to do any filming with the blood service you know where I am! :)
:D you are welcome
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Great stuff :)
OOPS!! We can see your panties :)
Lion &amp; Japanese landscapes. I made this for you artworkbylie :)
#judo #fridays #mornings
finished my presentation !!
thank you :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
when u really wanna watch daredevil but there are no more episodes of daredevil to watch so u despondently re-watch old eps :)):))):)))
Online :)
welcoma.have A nice day :)
I favor tridon more cause he's a tank :p
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
I can save only 21pics but master nim say that there're 22pics. So I asked you how many pics can you see? :))
Kebun is an adorable spot in Ubud! Waiting for the #ladyposse :) no better place for it! Xoxoxo
I have always felt this way... life is just beginning :)
Sneak peek of some items from our August collection.
Stay tuned :) inbox for orders and prices :)
bc I really don't feel like reading :-)
thanks peeps :)) #HappyWeekend all!
I have not been this happy for such a long time :)
therealgolden47 thanks for the follow !! hope you enjoy my work :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) #girlfriendsmya
Morning All, Thanks for joining us and a Happy Friday to you! :-)
Lol :D Hilarious :D
Big thanks to everyone! Couldn't have done it without all the support! :)
I always forget to tag ppl:):):)
Probably yes :p
this makes me so :)))
great :)
How about you just have a nice convo like a normal person instead of posting how u feel about 200 of your closest twitter friends :-)
hope U'll njoy followingg me :)
I'm more active on and I'm near to making this account private so... :D
Close your eyes :))
that's one of mine. Button pusher. Out soon :)
thank you so much for having us! We're glad you enjoyed it :-)
Thank you Pri. :)
thank you! :)
I'm not gonna freak out :::::)
I second that, simply stunning! :D
OMG!! I can't wait for this!!! I miss everyone!! Wooohooo!! :))
hello cutie :)
sure! go cuss out some teenage girls and post a video of it! i'm sure the feedback will be amazing :)
Have a great session Hope you've got that #fridayfeeling :-)
First meeting of three today. Ace way to end the week :)
Morning everyone, have a lovely day and a fab weekend :-) x
Belated happy bday sauce! :)
Hi livi fowles : oliviafowles891 Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :)
Followed ya :)
Burnout ? no more !! :D
#JohnForCEO #CEO1Month
thank you! :) x
it was a great read Matthew! Really interesting and thought provoking :)
Is this not against IndianKulture .. I oppose :).. happy anniversary :)
please give them to thanks :)
happy Friday biker babe :)
ya dis sounds lyk a gud idea :)
Ohhh who will find me??? #GoodMorning #Friday :)
Oh course, I gained weight bcus I used to be a rubbish veggie but now I've learned to balance everything now! :-)
Can Steph come with me back to NJ? :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x10
have a wonderful day! Thank you :-)
Twitter is not allowing me to retweet my blog post - since it's about you, I thought you'd be interested. Link in my feed :-)
You're welcome and thanks for exploring and retweeting :)
Smart boy. :)
Cheers :) xx
Aa soon as I get it to a listenable/cohesive point let's meet. Be great to get some feedback :-))
Seems like people use MEN as the source,so nothing new i guess. Just gossip :)
Hi alex : heswifi Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :)
thank you :)
got mine done at 7am this morning :-)
looking forward to them :-)
Wub Cerbchan? :D
Hi .. : Jarraaaaa Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :)
Morrrrning :) how are you? I snoozed off again. I go home today :)
clicksco
thanks :)
It's better to be gay and lesbian than be a rigid theocratic, right wing fundamentalist Islamist. :) #lgbt
Thanks for the feedback, I'll take it next Tuesday :)
Hi brianaaaa : BrianaZabrocki Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :)
Last night's sky :) #holiday #sunshine #sky #pretty
well said, your right this episode was fantastic..:) #BATB clap clap clap
Awesome! Glad its all working now :) Always here if you need us. MKa
#DearSlim Did u get an offer to play in the film but u had to turn it down cause your summer body wasn't ready yet :D ?
"The Mega Powers Expelled" :-)
Thanks for the retweet my friend :)
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
I think that everyone has :-)
*dies whilst hugging an Aki* yaaay! :D
Looking for fun? KIK : thencerest547 #kik #kiksexting #sex #followback #l4l #indiemusic #kikgirl :)
oh cool it worked. Cheers :)
Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :)
Love that song! :)
A great end to the work week! Sunshine, low humidity. 87. Changes over the weekend. Details on this AM. :)
my birthday is today. How about a promotional cake?I swear I will walk on nails for that :-)
you always seemed to like my sloppy second's : )
Hi, do you stock Marmite Cheese Spread at all? Thanks :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x9
Thank you :)
indeed, wonderful to see everyone :) great night!
okay start :D
thank you Nic!!!!!!!!! :)) hang soon sa taft ahh!!
Thank you so much for helping to spread the word about us being finalists in the National Lottery Awards! :-)
someone mention Usagi? Loooooove him!! :D
WOWWWW, Thanks a lot team :) via
lETS BE FRIENDS :))))))
Lepas dah sembuh ni sibuk balik so its okay la kins. You wont be thinking anything else except ur studies :)
#Gotham sneak peek :)
Thanks Alex. :-)
Mine too :)
its soo hot #sunnyday #sunshine sun is smiling at me LOL :)
Fuck texting you funny dudes+dudettes :) Costs me a ~#Flippin' ~#Fortune500 I'm in ~#DivineDiscontent;}~the ~#AmNotness}~
no thanks ah :)))
WOWWWW, Thanks a lot team :)
Hey Thanks For Following :)
#AutoFollow #TeamFollowback via
Geer bat mz yang deennya jehwan :)
Thank you. Glad you enjoyed! :-)
Good morning we look forward to seeing you at soon. Have a good day! :)
Hey Thanks For Following :)
#AutoFollow #TeamFollowback via
have a good weekend! :)
Short stream tomorrow at 11:00 AM! Fun day today thanks all :D
Hi Julie :) Not bad thanks....you?
Hey Thanks For Following :)
#AutoFollow #TeamFollowback via
5SOS Calum5SOS Luke5SOS Ashton5SOS Hey guys! PLEASE follow Chelny :)
I'm not. datz you. :-)
Goodnight from Jeremy :)
A big Hello - We've just sent you an email :)
Thanks my friend and Wonderful Friday to you too :))
can't sleep, fmt 4 dat dm :)))
and i also don't know what to tweet so :)
hahahahaha law I can make it happen I would do it in a heartbeat :D
an already clutching shit...... foh homie :)
What a great idea... :-)
I like too :)
hi please do check our final design :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
Going to see it tonight - sons' choice of film, so glad to hear that its worth watching :)
I just hate my life so much :-) lmao
the angels must have you confused with another doctor :) #besteverdoctorwhoepisode
this :) is :) so :) relevant :)))))))))) I :) want :) to :) puke :)))
Just make sure you have us Rubber Ducks with you! It's not a proper bath without us! :-) #quacketyquack
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x8
thats it :)
This one is irresistible :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
So long subliminal messages :) -H #EATmeat #BREWproject #lovenafianna
nice one Mr Lewis :)
everytime i look at the clock its 3:02 and something weird happens and i just finished coughing up blood that started at 3:02. nice :)
Hi thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys here if you need us :)
haha thank you :)
Im a Muslim and I love my prophets. :)
We would anyway with them in there :-)
Stop getting hate on him, of whatever kind it is.He made a mistake, and he understood it, stop.:)
Thanks for retweet :)
I was going to question why more politicians but I'm not going to argue with a man of your intellect... :-)
Woah, big plan. Good luck with that :)
Thanks for your recommendation, Shiva :). We are very happy ^_^
Music MP3 Mobile Apps:
Summers in #StAndrews. Join us for Fish and Chips after all the sandcastle fun :)
More like an Ewok in my case :D
i'd want nate to win :) all out brawl rear naked choke in the 4th
glad you liked :)
COFFEES NOT BAD EITHER :)
I also catch heck from a lot of gun haters who try to associate my guns to my, um, endowments....
I have very rude responses
yeah :)
I agree Sarah, it's just that the phone can be really busy at times. This is why we give other options :) ^C
Thanks for playing #JourneyPS4! :D
Had one of the best conversations about AI with today. Pleasure meeting you sir! :-)
My name is sikandar khan
And i support #Pti #standwdIk :) #WeStandWithIK
The starbucks logo stands for obsession , addiction and death #lol :p
I love you! :)
Keep Smiling :) Perhaps your smile will renew hope for someone who's about to lose it .. Smiling is Charity :)
Hello :) Tell me, do you still keep in touch with Zayn? :)
Have a blessed friday :)
Just smile and enjoy the time :)
Min follback me! :)
Go Hokies! :) Our biz internships will be posted under University Recruiting - Non Tech on the website. I'll DM you info!
Hello to n America California USA! dear friend Thank you for following :)
It's July 24, 2015 at 01:16AM and that means it's time to give some love to mist45gameplay. :) #ILOVEYOU
HAHAHA! BAILEY MAY :) SUCH A FAN BOY OF ARIANA GRANDE!! #PBB737GOLD
We have nex vex designed for you :))
Good Morning IGers :)
#leicaq #leica #goodmorning
dudeeeeeee I'm so happy you like them :))))) tell me which are your favorites
Yes. That keeps coming up on lists and someone else has mentioned Persona. Ill try that. Thanks! :)
Yepp. Course mo? :)
Let's play this :)
:) thank you so much
Invite My pin 5878E503 :)
playing Dota 2 :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x7
Glad you agree Greg, we think they're pretty useful too :) MKa
come to Australia! we love you Posey :)
Surreal :)
ah. Ok. I was wondering :) :*
Yeah ! Nothing can stop the King of France :D Have a nice day !
Going to Miami tomorrow :)
all fab here. Hope you're the same :)
James_Yammouni Hey JAMES! Thanks for the follow but PLEASE follow Chelny :)
Thanks for the retweet my friend :)
Thank you so much! :)
i appreciate you and i am glad we are friends :))))
:) Thanks
TIME FOR MINE :D
Have a full breakdown of the materials used for Thorin now. :D Time to hunt down the materials and work myself through the project.
:-D love you lots :-) xx
I was just tired yesterday
Choroo ga nahi us ko :D
Cheers Mike - love the pics :)
Aztec princess. :)
Nice rainy walk to work. Stopped to look at rain on the river and saw a kingfisher :)
Or to ask what He made you this year :)
So do I :) such lovely relaxed faces.....or yours is at least!!
Chinua Achebe To me being an intellectual doesnt mean knowing about intellectual issues it means taking pleasure in them. :-)
The amber liquid continues to flow, almost game time :-) #MelbourneTrip2015 #TaxiKitchen
..is doing a Harry dm giveaway nooow !:)
Stats for the day have arrived. 4 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Let you get your book published. eBook or Print, let us help launch it. Self-publishers :-) let's do it!
you should study at McDo. Strong selfie games everywhere. :))
Hey Iphone dreamer : tanisha1nonly :) Wanna get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Checkout my bi0. Thanks
Often attitudes are kindled in the flame of others convictions. Louis E. Le Bar :-)
good reasons I hope :)
*later :-)
thank you :)
Well.. This worth a repath :)
(Repath Kak Adis) [pic]
I'm not Stefanie ... This &gt; is the real one :)
No, that's completely true. I'm watching the entire series of SG1 right now on Lightbox, so can confirm :)
Indeed! Ran out of characters, knew you'd get it :)
it's not my hands or incorrect spelling. I'm just the apologist :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x6
Add me :)))))
oh okay! thanks :)
No VULY today. 2 will be up tomorrow though :)
Boat trip with my beautiful wife :-)
It's July 24, 2015 at 01:15AM and that means it's time to give some love to mist45gameplay. :) #ILOVEYOU
Tom :D via Snapchat x
Hey Cam! We come in peace :) What can we do to help? /C
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
don't want you to ruin your dreams by thinking you're batman :-)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
very cute! She looks fabulous :)
will watch :)
Yes, Pearson had that reputation. Does Nikkei have that reputation? Hmmm...ask Michael Woodford. :D
Cousins are for life :) #vsco #vscocam #vscoph #vscogood #vscophil #vscocousins #love
yaap urwelc :))
#FlipkartFashionFriday Neon color hot pants :-) ;)
haaa you would miss him :-)
everyone wants parcel and everyone is willing to believe auspost failed to deliver it :)
Earth 2.0 :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
#openfollow for rp who can speak eng. just retweet :)
Hi :) You may be interested this blog
Rain is God's way of telling me that it's time for a nap :-) hehe
Okay let's start with a little feature today :) Yj-Cosplay are cosplayers from Luxembourg who only started...
:) i have all day tommorow ok chill
Thanks for the retweet :)
yay more bunnys. :)
Damn that food was good. :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday Love This :)
please I can't sleep till you broadcast I needa laugh a little !:)
good night :-)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
for once i used 'u' :-)
Thank you! Can't wait to make the next cover. :)
Gals also bend down in one knees to put a men down and bend down in two knees to pleasure a men up to the heaven :)
Thank you for your proposal :)
If he scores more than 10 goals, that list will be forgotten. :)
Loan back until January :D
Add me on Snapchat - HanaButle18 #snapchat #kikhorny #interracial #FaceTime #makeup #music #kikgirl :)
I care about chu too, you told me once, and I remembered it :)
Fingers crossed for you :)
Yay weekend's here! Happy punting everyone :D #horseracing #horses #betting #horseracingtips
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Yup, some Soulful Goodness :-) guitar/soul featuring Cocoared &amp; #soul #soulful
It is always good to stand out from the crowd :)
salut :)
A brief introduction 2 d earliest history of #Indian subcontinent even bfr Mauryas:
My Jordanian number 00962778381838
Whatsapp the same :)
Photoset: tenyai: Yall know you were thinking it Hee hee :D My first SS month, well, here is day 1 semi...
Best ATP players (Wimbledon 2015): Federer, Nadal, Monfils.
Most handsome ATP players: Cilic, Cilic, Cilic. :)
mind to follow back? :)
Thx for the follow :D
You're so right about that! :-)
Not sure. Just need to firm stuff up in my diary but will let you know. Potentially August :)
#FF Nyc Girl must follow her :-)
Chillin with lils :) drawing tails on kittens x
I'm really nice actuallyand thanks :)
GARRET!!! :D
Nice one Baz. So lucky to be working for and with such a wonderful company of people. :-)
Oh be :D
Say #hello to #LEO XST Series Standard #Centrifugal #Pump :)
give me an hour and message again will see what the day is looking like once our tips go live on the website. :)
you awake? :p
LONG HAIRED MEN MAKE MY WORLD A BETTER PLACE : )
it's really good, and also From Here To Eternity. :)
just doing my job :-)
Forgive and forget. :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Love is putting someone else's needs before yours :)
Thanks. :-)
Thanks :)
Kangin Oppa :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
, Heiyo, visit my website for FREE 50.000 Coins in 8 BALL POOL now! Thanks :D
lil bitch, Heiya, visit my site if u wanna grab a FREE 30.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)
Our pleasure Kristin, enjoy your flight :)
I will fulfil all your fantasies :)
yes cass I think you should :)
Happy moments :-) with surajettan kashi and ashwathy...
YES MOMMY DOESNT HAVE HER POWER BACK! YESSSS!! :D
Refreshing Time with Tirth Brambhatt :D playing snooker
thanks :)
Glad to see you working so hard im grateful for compensation but honestly playing this game for free is good enough :)
followback :)
Talk shit :))
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
Add my KIK - theoper479 #kik #kikgirl #snapchat #hot #pussy #premiostumundo #kikkomansabor :)
Good night everyone!! : )
Actually, I would beg to differ on that one. Sometimes, less is more. :) #philosophical
"i'll be different when i get back"
wow i can't wait for hannibal to ruin will again :)))))
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x5
Bring your graphic design and web design skills to the next level :)
Learn more:...
Join us for See, make do! every Wed, Thurs &amp; Fri in July &amp; Aug (excl 12 Aug) Free crafts &amp; we'll do the tidying up :)
#ff to our new members! :)
can I play? I'm eating a raw weenie :)
My world name is annoyingbaby and i probably come to ur world :)
thanks for the mention! Honored to be included there among some great blogs :) Have a great weekend! Sharing now X
Same :)
thanks for the tweet about my post! :)
Little Man and I have just watched the weather forecast. We are having a lazy cosy day today for the first day of the holidays! :)
Client_amends_edit_5_final_final_final.pdf
That! :)
#morning
Exactly! :) Mauliate, ito!
Hello :-) If you are walking in the city install our application ZonzoFox clicking this link It's free ;-)
Yes to Fridays. :)
oKKay :))
knock knock! this is soloist's ryu saera : ) a verify would be nice? ++pinkeu
ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft Click Aqui :D
[Screencaps] JongHyun &amp; SeungYeon com CNBLUE - MBC WGM.
#Pri ;) :)
ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft Click Aqui :D
ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft Click Aqui :D
Oh, that MASA :-) got you! BTW, Entrepreneurship empowered you?
Must get ready for that trip to the Limpopo :)
One of these days I think I would love to meet you in person. :)
The best thing about driving long distance is listening to the radio :)
Excited for the second picts!! :)))))
MY snapchat : NoraPowel19 #snapchat #hornykik #teen #booty #photooftheday #music #livesex :)
nope :) Emirates air line i
i walked out of the fruit shop with LOTS of pumpkins and a guy smiled at me because it looked pretty funny, but doesn't matter, it works :)
Thanks for the retweet my friends :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! (No Download) World of Tanks Easy Click Aqui :D
Great! Did you reserve for Windows 10? :) ^MM
How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! (No Download) World of Tanks Easy Click Aqui :D
How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! (No Download) World of Tanks Easy Click Aqui :D
did it thrice :)
Have a good weekend :-)
:) back at ya
I am officially a patron now! I love your work and I'm looking forward to see all the extra content! :)
Coffee and book before I venture outside :) #holiday #coffee #reading #deathcure
that one at the bottom looks like a boob :)
no worries :) I don't blame you haha! X
Celebrate end of work week!:) Invite your friends to dine here and experience the modern Korean House
It's one of the absolute best bits of my job! And thanks for letting me grill you about your writing process :)
Like where? :D
but Disk Management is same since NT4 iirc :D
Also, what UX refinements were in zdps?
no its okay i didnt mind everyone has their opinions :) anyway we're talking first time
Do it for great justice, and also text adventures! :D
Keep trying - you will get there :)
It's always nice to get an invite :)
awwww thank you daw tine. :) BTW I HEARD SA GENSAN KA???? I MISS YOU YOU KNOW
dont give up and know that better days are coming :-)
Just ordered some more Frightlings undead plushes and cushions :D. Hopefully they'll be here soon xxxxxx
NBA 2K15 MyPark The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 Click Aqui :D
I'm gonna buy you~ :)
re download Twitter on phone, had to do it a few times myself :-)
i'm here for a reason ok : )
We will try to come to a decision that is favorable for both sides. :)
NBA 2K15 MyPark The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 Click Aqui :D
NBA 2K15 MyPark The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 Click Aqui :D
I'll do it now! give me a few minutes :)
happy birthday bro :) have a good one
Hey and thank you for following :)
Friday mood :)
(Source: The Ellen Degeneres Show)
Oh yes, I have some of those shirts. They're nice :) - ROFL old mints :D - I'm rocking a sexy Superdry tee right now x
And the vacation is not over yet. Berangkaat lagiii :D
this has made me very happy :)
No worries, fixed :)
You give more yet receive less. Ok lng siguro un. Kesa you give more yet receive nothing... :)
An interview day again today? Sending lotsa lotsa good luck :D xx
What if they had a child :D
I hear a lot, see a lot. I just dont say anything! :)
thank u mistress :)
Had my few hours beauty sleep, ready for few hours at Pure Organisation Offices then weekend off :-) Oh and...I...
Good Afternoon :)
I know he lives in Australia I was talking to my friend cuz it's like 4am for her but thanks anyway :))
Haha, thanks man. :-) Fingers-crossed I wont have to delve too deep - just the .htaccess file.
Saw ADF at WOMAD Gran Canaria yrs ago. Best gig ever! Crazy times :)
have a nice day at work today and tmrw and after that :)
When your twist out is defined as hell and you feel like youve made a break through..... :) #teamnatural
I will. You too huni :) xx
Hi! Would you like an concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)
you're actually going?!? :D yayayayay
It's gonna be my first YT convention too &lt;3
Sure mate i will don't worry :D thanks!
Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :)
It's a v nice day. What happened was surreal :)
Well done, it's good to get thing out of the way :-))
Thank you :)
love love love :)
you bet! Planning a secret baby shower for Chloe! I can say it here because she barely knows what a computer is :D!
bday in 6 days :D
check her youtube link you might like it. another person trying to live the dream :)
See you in Brighton Last year our wedding anniversary, this year our birthdays. Your timing is impeccable :)
i fucking slayed him of :)
I've been so happy lately :)))))
I love the nickname babygirl :)
!! Quick notice regarding requests. Our DM is now open for people to request moments/ideas for tweets, thank you :)
hahaha are u serious?
Himmat karain aur moo pay baat karain :)
U won't believe meri debates abu k cousins k sath hotee-my uncles!
thanks :)
The eyes of men speak words the tongue cannot pronounce. Native American proverb :)
Bonding with my lovable girl in my life :) &lt;3 Yesha Montoya
aww bestfriend look at you :)
PICK ME PLEASE! :)
thanks for all your support :)
ready and eagerly waiting for the next question. bring it on :) #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede
Spotify saves the day during traffic :)
Happy Friday Everyone :-)
indeed! :)
We've received payment and your order is being processed :) Thanks for shopping with Spree!
This supreme court can even give a decision that sunny Leon is virgin :p
Cheers! :)
I know he is, only saying what I know :)
Amazing! Glad to hear we could make your Friday morning a little better :-) ^KS
So had a fantastic show! And I already want to buy tickets to another concert.:D
Photo: randy9bis: Beautiful physique, shaved, uncut, and a tattoo: sexy boi ! :-)
Who does the cheapest printing in the world? Looking for a regular printer in countries close to NZ or Ireland, or drop ship printers :)
and a me hiding behind his large format camera :-)
Thank you :D
Have a blessed Friday everyone!:)))
i'm replying your mention :p
I got my half day and I'm 10/10 excited for senior year :-)
do u raid in a good way? :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
I am going back to England today so I'll turn off my phone to conserve battery so everyone have a good day :)
So sweet. :)
Home is where we should feel secure and comfortable. :)
Goodnight guys :)
thanks for tweeting about me :)
ALLAH swt always has 3 replies to our prayers.
1. Yes.
2. Yes, but not now.
3. I have a better plan for you.
Theres never a No :)
Only because it's Friday....:D
yes of course, pop an email to with your dates and we'll get right back to you :)
Great to hear! We are glad that we could help :) #localgaragederby
Thanks wendy! Let's be friend yaa :)
in good and in bad days, God is with us :-)
Yayy! Good work - can't wait to have you on campus! :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 3 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Hey guys! I'll be live in 30 mins! Do you want to do some fun low ranked games or subgames or faceit today? :)...
WAIT WHATS HIS SNPCAHT if you don't mind me asking :-)
Okay well when I hit 100 subscribers I'll put up a Logo Giveaway, two of them. New Channel. :D
don't cry hakhakhak T_____________T
Didn't know Kyungsoo's into animated movies too! Inside Out is a nice 3D animated movie :)
Just viewed a property. Agent said 'the kitchen needs attention' I like an accurate description :-)
yes it is : )
It doesn't affect my theory at all but I'll update the vid tomorrow just so it's made clear :)
Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :)
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x4
follback :)
sorry nic! dont ya worry i surrender :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Look what i caught! :) #retweet #marine #fish #underwater #sea #ocean
That will be 15.90 for you :-)
Your garden is stunning even in the rain Yvette :)
Love your author pic on the MWF programme! You're going to rock it :)
Taal lake I love.:) Philippines #retweet
See you on monday 2EMT!!! :)
I Who wants a #FF S/O??""
no I'm not :)
Scurri - the most agile #shipping solution available on the market.
Book a free demo at :-)
#retail #delivery #SME
dead :D
You're welcome. :)
thanks omar :)
I've pre ordered R.O.B and game and watch :)
India has 2 biggest losers..... Kamaal R Khan and ..... amm wait .. nobody is near as big loser u r .. :D
Busy/early day tomorrow and it's 3am :)
Collection..:) #retweet
hey buddy. Thinking of you. Don't do anything I wouldn't :)
#ff HopeHouseKids PitmanTraining WalkerSmithWay let's try to #keepitlocal :)
It's here to stay :)
i beat sehun :-)
Great start #SE100Leaders , shining a light on doing good in business :)
thank you, Donna! it was uneventful but fine. :)
yeah you're right, she's perfect. Let's pretend the video, song or anything else she makes doesn't suck :)
I'm sofa surfing :) cunt
Best Burger so far!do you agree? :) #retweet #food #burger
Thank you for the retweets and :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
But if i ever let you down. forgive me :)
Pretty amazing! What the hell was I doing 13, oh yeah playing video games. :)
I'm doing an unfollow spree of my account fave this tweet and I won't unfollow you :)
Good morning. Thank YOU ALL for RTs, follows, mentions, favorites, convos, #sharing &amp; rescoops! Keep UP the GOOD work &amp; have a GREAT day :)
I love multiracial couples, they're like a royal fk you to the narrow minded assholes walking this planet :)
haha I feel you. Maybe that's why I do it :D
Which type of warlock is it? :)
are u a beautiful man? :D" Yeah ! Sometimes.
Hi all my faithful followers :) I'm having a lovely night &lt;3 ;*!
thank you :)
Happy Birthday :)
Love it! :-)
Hot Air Balloon Festival! :) #retweet
thank you lovely :D
always looking at new countries to add to our growing list. I'll pass on your feedback :-) &gt;MJ
My body still hurts af. Just got home :)
#Tracerequest _ Good for you Selena :)
Something for the weekend? Here's your body weight workout of the week :)
maybe an issue on my end. Sure I'll shoot an email right away. :)
Hi I'm Madison, I'm 13 not supposed to have twitter, but this is for my family :) #BeOnKnockKnock
thanks, sent it now :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
im not your FAN -_- :p
we made our final design please check that out :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
Apparently we are getting internet on Monday guys but there is a new video going up tomorrow anyway :)
Loving "the buy one get one tree" idea :)
Look what i caught!:) #retweet
its Friday :)
Con-Graduation Gents! :) CC
Sweet tooth! :) #retweet #icecream #food
I like you ! as a friend :))
her bitchface was perfect :D
apparently I'm still at DM limit I'm not in DM LIMIT on tho :)))
Who can we send some free, #organic #coffee to :) ?
Morning Everyone,
We're open from 12pm every day until Sunday now :)
Hello Weekend, come say 'how do you do?' x
thank you, you too! :)
Please use your York Residents card which are available from Nearest to us is Central Library off Lendal :)
#FollowFriday Thank you for being top influencers in my community this week :-)
we got it working Tom; well done for doing it all yourself :D
Go Catch all members
PikAmi is Captured :D
Fulton John Sheen Baloney is the unvarnished lie laid on so thick you hate it. Blarney is flattery laid on so thin you love it. :-)
Ah Sachin, why do you bring up unimportant stuff like context and dampen 's excitement! :-)
#ff to all my followers let's try to #keepitlocal :)
especially you :D hehe she might show you her fish too
are yu comparing #bellybuttons.? :-)
Let's stream Rocket League part 1 :D: via
your welcome :)
Google has made Narendra Modi really very sad about Imran Khan not becoming Prime Minister. :p
u look angel in this one :) #FlipkartFashionFriday
Aaaaaand that just went to the team's WhatsApp group. :)
Looking good! Let us know what you think when you've tried them :)
Hi Macauley, Mexico sounds lovely :-) We don't have any plans to add new countries at the moment, however we're...
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x3
Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen?!?!?! :D
Thanks baby girl. You too!! :) xx
thank you good luck :)
Heechul Oppa :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
FREE slice of toast with every large coffee-weekdays 9-11.30 :) just ask us for the offer :)
Oh, I am still stuck on some island ... :D need to learn how to sail my ship faster ,,, :D
#Friday's here!! Give us a call today for all your #commercial and #farm insurance requirements :)
#HappyFriday #LookForTheO
follow me to stay updated :-)
Oh! Happy to hear about this :) Have a lovely day! ^CL
it keeps better and better every update :)
It's NEVER a bad time for a bath, if you have us Rubber Ducks with you! :-) #quacketyquack
where art thou?! :))
me too :))
Just got home!:)))
Im hopefully home in April for a few weeks :):):)
Flying panda at Airforce City, Clark Field Pampanga Hot Air Balloon Festival!:) #retweet #cute #hotairballoon
...yep...proud to be a troll!..:)
your blog totally rocks :D
New video this week :) Updated Face &amp; Brows Routine (Oily Skin) - maricarljanah via
because....your cup is empty? :D
Come fly with me baby! :) #retweet #marine #navy #Airforce #battlefield
it's 6:15pm rn!! And it's currently 70 degrees Fahrenheit!! Which is really warm so it's good :)
Havent been tweeting in years, I kinda miss it :)
WHAT! Yum :D
Collection..:) #retweet
When your bestfriend has nice friends. :))
Big Love and hugs for you Babe! :)
Isn't this place so peaceful and relaxing..:) #retweet
Right on, then :)
Usually just a high stool with three kids waiting for me to topple over. :D
I love you, Coco folks! We can do this :)
and for the retweet!! :)
That's great Stephanie! Good luck with your training :) #findyourfit
My preferred term is "whomosexual", but otherwise that sounds like a plan. :-)
Last orders for 2015 in by 31st July please :-)
AuG I'm super packed. But however, I rather to have things to do rather then work and home :)
Summer style! Stack up those Pandora rings, ladies :-) Which of these rings is your favourite?
I CANT WAIT :)
Great to attend #DigitalExeter last night and hear some interesting talks on #DigitalMarketing and #SociaMedia :-)
congrats pink! :)
I hope you're enjoying your ride Andy. :) ^NB
Bom dia a todos!!!! / Good morning all!!!! :)
thank you for following too. I will certainly have a look :)
When #forklift and #warehouse workers get that #FridayFeeling :-)
go first on and I'll give extras, tweet when done :)
Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you.. Gandhi :)
Welcome to pop heaven. We're glad you're enjoying it! :)
Shout out to Grassy :-)
#FF to &lt;3 these ladies! :)
Photo: feetblog101: :)
Photo: feetblog101: :)
Dare I say that there is a video of me on our About Page - - talking infrared heating :-)
Its on my to do list, just about to board so see you in a couple of weeks :-)
#FF to these fab peeps :)
1 daughter-4yrs old-porridge fiend :-) do you?
Have a good match 2nite boys - lets go out of this comp on a high and just enjoy it! :) #vikings #T20Blast
thanks :)
welcome Np :) Thats quite same problem i was having.
i am now just bothered to pay more taxes of same name on different bills
cant see any feets :p
oooooooooohh! i just saw your #PetJam! i've been toying with a virtual pet game idea for weeks! now i will pounce!! :D
What's the best part about signing Benteke? That he won't play for United or chelsea :p
Hi Agnes, please email :) [Sam]
fruity vodkas always help : )
My phone does this really cool thing, that it tells me I have a text, 5 minutes after I really got the text :-))))
#sellyourcarin5words #chaloNiklo
#SellYourCarIn5Words #ChaloNiklo :) pic.twitter.com/jXZ2LBV6O
I really think I'm gonna get one of those Kindle Paperwhite's this pay. I really want to start reading more. Want that "laser-like" focus :)
My ghost #bae :D #love #TagsForLikesApp #instagood #me #smile #follow #cute #photooftheday #tbt
thanks for the shout out guys much appreciated :)
u tho Too Gud in trending (y) :) !! #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
i mean, its already a dream come true
You notice me so thats enough :))))
We like... :-)
NEW Blue Point Snap On Socket Set Spanners
Ebay ad here --&gt;
Waiting patiently for mr. crush :) but first, let me go to sleep
Happy Birthday ! Never forget. :) #pglcsgo
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3 x2
well, kind of :) I still read it if the author is my favorite,otherwise,I tend to not read them, that's why I crave for more fics
I thought that you wanted to take it slower for while.. :D very glad though
The Asian SJW, trying not to cry...:D
#cakehamper baskets have arrived :) Best gonna be busy 2 get the finished products ready for you all to see #excited
awh good :) why is he hated though? Haha.
thank you :)
I'm glowing this morning! Yayyyy :))) happy Friday! Xx
Hello :), the original new mercedes hood badge
I'd love you to add my hosted site to your blog :) Please. All about my drone videos etc
Next week we're blowing up chocolate :D
Aww, yay I'm in the "Not Hated Group" and I promise u if u ignore the haters and not retaliate it'll get better :)
Here's Wishing a Very Happy Birthday to Doug Bollinger. He turns 34 today.. :)
Play Now:
Where's the time going?! ONLY 40 days to go &amp; sooo much to do!! Not enough days in the week :p #goodmorning
God has a plan for us - a plan needs a planning/timing - believe as you know He is faithful :-)
Congrats to all of us ! :D
I very much doubt that anything will change at Seven News anytime soon either but I can dream, right? :)
i love u :)
have fun boy!! :D
You are #3 in Denmark! :D
The view the night before my birthday will do me just fine :)))
So tell me how it is that Whitey and his culture rules the world? :)
of coursee :)
Hi sunshine :)
Stats for the week have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
Cheers Mike
Just Completed YouTube intro. :)
Excited, Intro full of graphics
#graphicdesign #videographer #Youtuber
AWW BUT ITS OK CUZ WE MAKE MISTAKES TOO :)
Life itself cannot give you joy unless you really will it. Life just gives you time and space. Its up to you to fill it. :)
Just finished Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, now onto Bogus Journey :D
1000 VIEWS THANKS :-)
Hahahaaah.
Owly said knock you out
momma said.. :)
good afternon,, :)
ha ha im actually happy with pick :)
Great News :)
there will be next event on September :D
i don't live in a city but I live near whangarei :)
yes! I appreciate his smile :D
Hey folks I never use this account so if you've just added me, add me on my main account :) Katie Nicholas
Thank you Pauline! :)
Child traffickers getting more daring these days. However their spelling gets worse :-)
thanks :)
Hence the expression: wot a racket!?! Maybe? :p
Thanks too for your follow + kind words :D Likewise for yours, hand-lettering is a real art
I shall do :D I shall shout it from the roof tops of social media :p
Thank you guys. Now I have a plan for tomorrow :)
tbh i dont know yet they havent told us very much but i will get back to u :-)
the only thing that's been stopping me is my weight but I'm sure if I ease myself into it it'll be fine :)
(2/2) call before you visit to double check :) Thanks, Beth
I love Sour Dough for a treat :)
Text me or hit the dms... Lol :)
I got it. :)
thanks mate, much appreciated :-)
good luck ;)
wait you in egypt :D
thank you! :) I just hope it's not too hard ! and how are you ?
...kinda explains why you you married hubby :-)
I love being mixed :-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)
sakin ol :)
Six Months to Christmas :-)
Thank you :)
I take u wrote it :p
glad you &lt;3 it :)
nice word :)
U r so brave n strong avril so never give up n keep smiling :)
I'm thinking garden party :)... #N04JS Buy 6 bottles of wine save 25%!! #prosecco
Pech! :D
Micro Bikinis Are Stunning For These Reasons :) -
couldn't message it... It's on my feed (and catsPJs) :)
Have fun, gal :) I'm going to try to go to sleep, lol. 4:15 here!!
Morning :-)))
Hey guys! We know about this request and our product team are already considering this :)
:) Thanks, wishing you back also. #LazyWeekend
thanks -- Working on it! We are way overdue. Literally updating them right now. Mice are updated :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
happy birthday to you too! Let the joys never end :D"
done :)
Good morning! : )
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Bout to lay down and watch Jurassic World with Love our little movie nights :)
ito ding latest full album.. 4th full album :) last full album nila is Wave
hi can I dm you about something? It will be quick :)
hot cosplayers: :)
hot cosplayers that kiss in ur fav pairing: 8)
Unfortunately we don't I'm sorry to say! Thrilled to hear that you love the sound of our products.. &amp; they smell amazing :)
I ATE YOUR LAST COOKIE SHIR0 &gt;:D
Final few days in #Hale #Cheshire, got some lovely before and after shots which I'll be sharing tomorrow. Call to book #decorating :)
followed :)
Lemme know if you ever want any more recs. Likewise, I'm always open to expanding my inaccessible music library :D
ingat din man godbless! :)))))
#PSYGustoKita I'm a huge fan of Latin beauties :-) and QUEEN KATH is the ASIAN Latin version :-)
Lovely. :D
Hello we hope to see you in soon. Have a great day. :)
I'm getting there! It's been super slow because of the move. Definitely want a Mono Life remix when it's done :-))
Happy birthday :D
gO kathryn! I will never let you down. :)
I did not mean literally sir :-) JR developed properties along their HSR lines to create user base
Oh yeah that is one major #sugarrush :-))
knitting and music! Music (quite bit new to my collection if not ears) is probably partly why Im still awake. I binge :)
Homegirl nancy :p
Hello Fenja! Great to have you following :)
don't worry, aapke benchmarks ke hisaab se already hit ho gaya hai :D
same here, ofc .. I am glad it influenced so many other to create so many awesome RTSs :) Cheers
good luck for you too! Secret hwaiting! :)
congrats :) exciting
thanks :-)
Titanfall Friday tonight followed by possible Xbox Saturday,then the ultimate Xbox Sunday!! Yay! :)
An experiment in gastronomy.... :))) #NewBlogPost #FoodieFridays
Foodie Fridays: Yoghurt pancakes
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
hope you had a good day :)
Sabah sabah kapima gelen guzel bir hediye :) Thanx for this wonderful present my honey
day off tomorrow :)
do u have instagram? So that I can tag you :)
it would come through email. You can also purchase visas in store :-) ^Parisa
think i just had the best epiphany of my life :D
Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)
You guysss! It was LIT :D
Hi BAM !
Can you follow my bestfriend ?
She loves you a lot :)
See you in Warsaw &lt;3
Love you &lt;3
Nothing like a little team photo on a Thursday all smiles even :)
Ryan are you going to the EM-CON I swore I saw something with you on it saying for next year? sorry if im wrong! :D
see yaaaah! :D
Thanks for the heads up, but no ear defenders we're ready to listen :) (btw if you're calling on a mobile use 0330 333 7234)
able to pick these up from a number of retailers that stock our products :)
nice tweet :) just followed you
#KianWeAreProud so proud of you :) love you so much
ThanQ have a gooday! #ff :)
Today has so far been spent trying to read my emails without getting distracted by all the #dayofarch tweets. So far i've failed :)
finally 10-20 people came to know about me changing my :D
thanks admin :)
#OurDaughtersOurPride great bapu u r best coach ji :)
Snapchat me guys - IvyPowel19 #snapchat #kik #chat #xxx #kikmeboys #newmusic #sexchat :)
HAPPY BDAY Queen can't wait to see more of my fav IT girl this season :) you're a real inspiration ILY
It's such a good idea to share excellent book titles! What would we do without them all? Keep up the good work :)
: you're funny and nice :)
I was talking about radio which already happened :) and the tweet was made like a week ago you fucking freak
Yay I got free ice cream today from Uber as well, Incredible! loved it haha :)
Off to meet the Skills part of the business today to see how we can create some amazing pathways for young people beyond :)
Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie bro :))
Most of our team are on site now and are ready for some Balkan Gypsy Folk Festival Mayhem :)
Try burek (with meat) or gibanica (cheese pie) for breakfast :)
I regret nothing :)
Hi! What time are things likely to wrap up tonight? Gotta figure out how to get back to Surrey afterwards! Thanks :)
Breads are out of the oven :-) we see you around 10.30 at :-)
interesting. I've never heard of it before. Reading Temporal Void atm. To stem my SF needs :)
YKR SPARKY
40mm, 3.5 grs
ROCKFISHING, topwater
New model 2015, GO! :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Please comment on what you think of what I wrote so far in the twitlonger :)
I'm not Rude! I just saying it doesn't help.. Just not for me.So it might not help for others tho. But it's a good idea :)
I'm looking forward to reading them :)
If u ask me if whats on my mind? I answer? You :D
Jummah Mubarik to all
Recite Durood e Pak as much as you can
Thank You :)
Two comes after one. Lessons once you learn make you realize how tough life can get. But nothing lasts forever. Not a thing. Ever. Lasts! :)
thanks :) #CJRadaCOMATEada
Great video, you made some really good points :) I'm kinda suprised I haven't heard about u before
hope your debut will be success :)
Thank you :)
So happy rn :D
thanks for connecting! I hope you enjoy my tweets and writing at 'ear 'ear #BeBraveToday :)
So dear fandoms and shippers, lets set aside our differences and HELP THE HOUSEMATES WIN THEIR WEEKLY TASK :) #PBB737BigatingConcert
#jedzjabka or #pijjabka - whatever :) This article re Polish cider by is a #MustRead anyway
Cricket World Cup, Asian cup state of origin... now this?! Wow Matt is a lucky boy :-) have fun!
hey please do check our final design :)
neither had I. I looked on my rain app :)
followed :)
true that. Stay up beautiful :)
#NotAnApology PLEASE PICK ME :-)
thanks Dave lovely day thanks to lovely family and friends. How did I miss that! Congratulations :-)
Happy Friday Everyone! I'm here until 5pm to answer all of your queries. Have a great day :) Abby.
I like your style sumedh .. :)
Which is what I said in my next tweet. The second part of this tweet :)
Smile. Its sunnah :)
Do you (or anyone in your family) do quad biking Carrie? :)
hi i have a question. What's it like being a useless member of society? :) love u xoxo
I'm finding its one of those days already! Hoping it gets better quickly :)
i appreciate your propriety. :-)
Haha, yes I'll do my best to be there :)
I love living with chronic illness :-) :-) :-) :-)
Let's start this chocolate fudge coated superday the chocolatey fudge coated super Yasu way! Oooooh. Sounds sexy~ :D
I'm kinda sort of fucked :-)
Hallo :)
Follow me on twitter! :)) #Follow #Me
Morning beautiful :) How are you &amp; Neil today sweetie xxxx
think it'll be sam but would love it to be !! He's made the biggest improvement from the start :)
Might be the biggest move I've made in my life if it works out. :)
thanks Dylan ! :)
hi laura. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Jay and Patrice Keepin' it real like always!:) Mohr Stories w/guest Patrice O'neal via
We'd appreciate your support Our for the Rising star award ~ vote for her here! Tks :)
OK OK :D
Absolutely True :) :) :)
are you the owner of the user ? : )
I won't :-)
I have exactly 6 mins to get to work and I am still on the luas right now :)
stones along with lbs, can set targets &amp; weight appears to come off quicker. Id also recommend running instead of heavy diet :)
are you like the best brother ever :) #SoSweet #WSaleLove
Nominiere und :)
Done with the Afang soup, making semo is next :D
Mirror selfie :)
if u hardcore and stay up dis late favorite :)
its up :D
Every 4 years. :)
your bestfriend :))
&lt;------ff__special
Acha banda hai tweets bhi achi krta hai
Handsome bhi hai
Must follow :)
beautifully-crafted review: I must bring myself to read Mockingbird asap, now that my diploma is done :D
I actually tried that blend it's really good! Also has good health benefits too. :)
you have my Numbero! lolz hope all is well :)
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce The world has suffered more from the ravages of illadvised marriages than from virginity. :)
you'd love it :)
I was staring at it for 5 mins trying to find the cynical joke before I realized I was being the cynical one. :)
Yahuda nosmet, Thank you for following my Twitter account :-)
Out for a dinner date tonight with my pony bf :D
So Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute :)
followed :)
you sure f'ing will :)
Don't worry be happy :)
Four hours vacant. :)
With HAUC lovessss
Really hissing down here overnight and this morning. Am hoping for the 11am Cornish all-clear :)
Rain.
Mr S: runs 15 miles.
Mrs S: complains she's left her raincoat and The Boys' in the car. Which is on the drive. So they'll get wet.
The real measure of a mans wealth is what he has invested in eternity. :-)
Huge thanks for retweeting, very much appreciated :)
Hi Garbi,I made this video for you to celebrate your amazing Wimbledon!Really hope you like it :)
Hope Ryan washed his hair later. Was great night and excellent music at Refuel Dunedin last night :D
you are welcome Kalle :)
#WSaleLove
A4. bro i want this amazing kurta for rakhi :)
a photographer took a photo of us last night, where can i find it? Or all the photos of the event :)
yes :-) since 12th. How are things with you?
Well done this morning carry on the great. Work :)
Summer of the Dragon! talks about his projects and represents Slovenia!:) #slovenia #nba #basketball
i made a calum layout for liv :)
My app is looking for influencers :) If you're interested, here's your invite
Leave a note on the fridge :)
I will keep fighting for what i wanted to be :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
Thanks Lovely to meet hope see you Ludlow on 28th July at Selway Arms :-)
I think my short story is nearly ready to be submitted :-)
how goes it : ) : P
That is very exciting! Don't forget to tag us as soon as you get your hands on your new #Windows10 PC. :) ^MM
nice seeing it in Spanish... Well, Latin American Spanish :-)
well, it happens :))
Did she greet them with "Welcome my loyal subjects :) Here is your life of debt ":)
thank you :)
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
They do their stuff well :-) would know...
i got you :) gossip girl, 90210, vampire diaries, oitnb and more that i can't think of at the moment hahaha
ill let ya know how it turns out. :)
love sucks doesn't it? :D
Ok me :)
Looks like the weather is going to be a bit mixed this weekend,sunshine,rain &amp; wind. If your on the course be prepared for all conditions :)
I msged them and they said 3~5 days for a response, im sticking to chiquitos from now on :) xx
ohaha no problem! thank you btw! :)
We're on the radio in Delhi now !, hit 95 fm :)
looks like a few of our customers must be regular readers :) Good Luck #webtogsawards
thanks :)
wow! :) Plus size model graces the cover of a women's running magazine via
Morning! Sheffield will be excited that #tramlines starts today. Who's going? :)
GUD NIGHT :)
have a great weekend my friends :)
#FF for the best, most recent Arsenal news on your TL. We were hacked and it's a new account. Give it a follow lads :)
that was beeeeepin hilarious!!!!!!SUPER DUPER Awesome.....:)
gorgeous body :) wonder how close you are
turns out I can't handle critiques...that's on my mind now :)
Contectually :)
I'm looking for influencers for my app :) If you're interested, here's your invite
thanks :-)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Read some reviews and it sounds awesome. Thanks for the suggestion :)
I live near LA :) so basically he's saying he loves me :)
Guys follow my 2nd account I can follow back you all :) #Beliebers
please follow me i love you so much and it would mean the world!! :)
TGIF! :))))) &lt;3
:D:D I've always liked a large out let myself...
you're welcome, I know you're doing everything you can. Let's just hope this will be over soon. excited for my ultor :D
in ur dream : )
LoVe Is No MatTeR :)
Get well soon Dan. and big hugs :)
Be Online mamaya LoiYals para sa Good News.. :-)
TruthfulWordsOf BeaNatividad
#NKNKKPagpapakumbaba
I want to hear your voice :)
#birthdaypresent
Hello people, its me again! :D
If you want to make someone happy, just compliment them or buy them something because you will also feel great too! :)
Hey I knew the blonde hair was a swerve! :)
Someone talk to me I cant sleep :/ ill talk about anything you want :)
Morning! Thank you for RTs. Have a lovely day, despite the weather! : ) #Rain
Hi. Just wondering if/when you will have Marmite Cheese spread back in stock? Many thanks :)
Goodtime :-))
perfect timing seeing this tweet, have sent an email for more info, recently engaged :D
Yep it is :)
Just watched sinister before I went to bed, wow I'm scared af now :-)
HMU IF YOU TRYNA LOOSE :)
nice one :)))
Anonymous :-)
On dipsatch :)
ahh!! thank u love :D
but you won't and that's good :-)
Can i have his instagram? :))
Thanks a lot for your quick response :)
mi aunt used the dagga water for her eyes.... works wonders :-)
Burketeer suspects and then our names and Twitter IDs :)
you star!! Thank you very much. :) Started the download on my phone... Will hopefully be done by the time I get home.
its only 2am and i tried earlier and gave up so im on twitch now :D
Yes, I did but thank you very much for your care, sending me this link:) :)
I this promo. The song is beautiful.
I can also provide this, just pop over to my office and i'll provide the required service, with a smile! :D
Twine is looking great over at Diane's place :)
Hi.. Please say"happybirthday" to me :) thanksss :)
Randomly just booked tickets to go #BuckinghamPalace because of but can't wait now :)) should be good
I like it too man. It add personality to you :-)
I made little on Chibi maker :p
off to timog bye happy 18th birthday otw na kami! :)
First day back at the gym :D feeling good :D #gym #England #feelinggood
I will and I demand you to do the same for me :)
thank you for making my tweet a favourite :-)
First day of work=no more walking for the rest of my life :-)
Hey who's up :)
I love dogs moar naman haha I had one cat and she didn't love me as much huhu but she was cute :3
Tara barkin blends tho :D
Glad this one went down better :) do make some incredible beers
you guys have a great weekend too!:)
I've entered to WIN a huge package from &amp; :) ENTER HERE: #Giveaway
okay thank you! :D
Feel free to share with others. :-)
:) YEAP
OnKey!!! :-* :-* &gt;,,&lt;!! nice edit(?) LOL :-* sexy umma pervert onyu appa/? *kidding* :D
You saying you want Lucy to be gone soon, Lisa!!? Oh that's horrible!
Sorry :-)
Yes, be back soon, please!! x
:) It's something to do with the French air and lack of TV, for the first 6 months...:)!!
If someone builds a quantum computer, we're going to have far greater problems than the collapse of the blockchain :)
#NowPlaying Loftey - Routte To Assia(Main Mix)
One Chilled Joint,It doesn't even Sound Like Me :) #FutureReleases #HouseMusic
don't forget to dream about me :)
Lol. That look's like a scary room! Ghost story or murder mystery? Either way, just try it and get done asap :p
fuck up some commas by future :-)
nice, big fan of the lines in mr.j's smile :)
Hey hunny Enjoy the weekend :)
:D When I saw Diva do the FF, THEN I knew it was Friday. ^_^
aw thank you so much! We should talk more :)
I Don't Know :)
Hi Emily I'm your fan,I wish you much happiness in your life,you're funny and beautiful
Happy Birthday :D
This is available On Demand just now Nathan :) Cheers, Pete. To let me know how ...
Lol no woman will want to share that Greek god body :)
Need smoke and need ice :))
Listening to "Calm meditation" on Pandora always puts me to sleep :-)
I am just tired and not saying anything anymore bro :)
Yay! Thankyou be :* Bonding ulit soon!! :') :)
Hi If you can DM your details I can pass them on to our Alumni team &amp; get you in touch with our MBA representatives :-)
Said I was going to sleep a hour ago &amp; im still awake :-)
I took one :)
Foto: what-is-your-fashionality: lorenangel8 &amp; I.. :)
That's great! And good luck :) ^KW
bring you :) Boatbound Brings Luxury Yachting To The Masses - #tech /via
it's #tellanoldjokeday contributions reqd :-)
good idea, frees them up from all the stress of speculation...and allows work consistency :)
There are startup community in the tropics too! Geeks on the beach :) #startupPH
Based on the post I just tweet, my Zodiac sign is same as Rapunzel. Imaginative and intelligent. So true! What's yours? :)
what's your snapchat? :)
I'm fucking great, fuck you if you think less of me :-)
GUYS add my KIK - therver85552 #kik #hornykik #bestoftheday #girls #wife #premiostumundo #oralsex :)
thanks - good to hear :)
Hi Carly, we'd happily have you back with us once your contract ends :) &gt;KW
Text me if you're up :-)
Matsu_bouzu i notice something. you have a same skin color like your horse! :D haha
Me too!! :)
A Sonic start!:D
#goodmorning #videogames
Harana.. I wish I could have a chance to sing a song for you. :)
we've come over from Belfast to see Danny at this festival! Cant wait! :)
Or one would be awesome as well, either or even both :D
I need a rare sponsorship aswell for sponsor to Gigi :)
Glad you like it :)
goodnight I love Nick &amp; Austin :))
Please do not complain about the coffee. Youll be old and weak someday too! :-)
Happy Friday :-)
Just hit over 10,000 plays of my ''Girlfriend'' remix :)
waking up with a smile on my face and thanks in my heart to God for giving me another brand new start :)
bravo ya sayed :-)
Goodnight and sweet dreams. :-)
it's free :)
same we haven't talked for months :)
We go together like copy &amp; paste :)
Inside Out will happen today! :D
Good afternoon :) I would like to vote for Black Magic by Little Mix &lt;3 Thank you #IAmAMonster #RXTheDailySurveyVotes
well my kids broke up now so don't have to get up early :)
arummzz: Let's go... I'll drive for you :p
#traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood
up my ass:):):):):)
you too Dave. :)
wow Roux tweeted you :) she is so sweet
Ha that is some chainsaw there :p
just walkin' around :)))
GOING DOWN FOR REAL! :)
it went awesome thanks :) amazing audience. hopefully see you soon buddy!
I love you every step of the way :)
yes I am :)
Got you :) pfb"
Visit my blog thanks :D
Too late for the "Up and Away" contest but its never too late to release. :) Remix coming up later today!
Come and design your own jute bag today :)
Annoying selfies on a Friday. #walangmakakapigilsakin :D
Happy Friday :-)
Thanks Lori! :)
ehm close to 6 I think :)
real trick shots. :)
I love Baekhyun because I love it when he eyesmiles :)
shoulda let me borrow one of those knives :D
Acha Thek :p
Kind wolves are the worst :-)
I suspect that they travel widely before eventually returning home reaapearing in the fridge :-))
yes..but its not!! :)
:D U KNO WHET
Happy Friday :-)
Great to hear! Let us know which recipe you enjoy the most :)
I love when people tell me I'm right haha :)
Grattis :)
Not great, but way better than last night. Tonight's shift at work will hopefully be better - and shorter. Thanks for tweetin'! :)
hey! I was talking to you and your friend at the concert. I didn't say goodbye but it was cool meeting you two :)
long story :p
done :)
you'll find someone better too :)
wow thanks glad you noticed :)
Thanks for following &amp; : Great to connect !! :)
Happy Friday :-)
will chat you in detail after my project inshAllah :)
be ready ;)
Sometimes you need to have sweet breakfast :) banana pancakes and raspberry sauce #healthylifestyle
You aint wrong there buddy! :)
Fridays mean.... roller skating nights :)
we have read that and we're analyzing that within our team too. Thank you. :)
Ha! Wasn't talking about *that* course...talking about the ones of a virtual variety :)
He's twitching, he's got to be twitching :-)
OKAY SON ITS 4:13AM AND I CANT SLEEP BC I HAVE INSOMNIA AND I FORGOT TO TAKE MY SLEEPING MEDICATION :)))))))
need your email though :)
:) Our shop opposite you will be open very soon too.
Enjoy. :)
We are saved by the everlasting grace - thank you Jesus :-)
Happy Friday :-)
I do spin, yoga, weights to help with running, as well as sports massage (ouch)/osteopath. Running in new trainers tomorrow :)
Nooooow!!! To Sharm :)
#trip #al_Master_band
#concert #fun #summer
so kind :)
Hey, No worries! Please share your wallet details via DM to get this sorted. :)
Good to hear! Just been looking at your website - will keep an eye out for the September tbc! :)
Univesity of Architecture!!! Im coming my dear :D !!
that's so cool! And random! Haha next time yell at me or something :) :)
Thank you, have a lovely weekend! :) xx
goodnight :)
Happy Friday :-)
WHY ISNT IT GETTING HOT :))
Haha! just woke up &amp; seen the typo, that shoulda been "snark lessions", stupid drunk fingers :D
Itty Bitty Teenie Bikini :)
Chill Bruuh :) 2weeks in counting :)
JACOB IT'S BDAY AND SHE GOT TIX FOR US IN PARIS OMG PLEASE WISH HER!! #FIRST50EUROPE :D
iove you {} that presenting many good program. still like this :D better than -_
Low quality pic for a high quality girl :)
Sorry there have not been as many updates as usual - I have been told people are missing the photos lol :) I have...
Happy Friday :-)
Sports Club :)
She can walk. Barely, according to her that is :) All good here. Hope T got home all ok :)
:))))) ty mne pro pchelok a ja.... :))) Thanks!
Nice one Julie, looking forward to it :)
Very carefully... :)
GoodMorning ! What's coming next? =:D =:D
I like u :)
Happy Friday :-)
Thank you, sweetest &amp; kindest Comet! :-)
Fav if awake fam :)
Ahah thanks for the candy Axio! It reminds me a lot of the white rabbit candy :D
okay :D
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
That is basically me - in a nutshell :) taken by at letshavecocktailsafternuclai
Happy Birthday Malik Umair
Our BIG Celebrity of Canon GANG
Stay Blessed Bro :)
I'm about to start grinding YT :)
just found your #ThoracicBridge &amp; #5minute flow. Thanks for sharing :-) already passed on to some #family I like the #nonscripted
thanks Tom :D ^-^
Happy Friday :-)
I do, bby. And i might take one now. :)
:D so true.
okay but who gets to see him in the morning?? That's right i do :-))
reserve with the password, okay? : )
SNAPCHAT : ShoshannaVassil #snapchat #kik #addmeonsnapchat #dmme #xxx #mpoints #hotel :)
ahh I did thank you so much :) xxx
If you wanna see you more beautiful then rotate your photo !
It works.....
thanks for the mention, too of course :)
that's it Soph positive thoughts :-)
But I see what you're going at. :) Yes. Subjective pain may not be real, but that does not make it less painful.
Bro:U wan cut hair anot,ur hair long Liao bo
Me:since ord liao,take it easy lor treat as save $ leave it longer :)
Bro:LOL Sibei xialan
is back! thnx God!!! i'm so happy :)
thought it was my ears which were malfunctioning, thank goodness you cleared that one up with an apology :-)
'Stuck in the centre right with you. Clowns to the right, jokers to the left...' :)
Happy Friday :-)
we are following you now :) x
My #TeenChoice For #ChoiceinternationalArtist is #SuperJunior Fighting Oppa :D
it's my birthday today so for my birthday wish I hope there's good news about Ben soon :-)
Good morning all :-)
It's Friday!!!!!!
What are your plans for the day? I am currently playing shops with my...
Happy Friday for you too :)
:3 ! Good nigth :): estoy escuchando a Enemy of God
No actually, you don't. Bye bye indeed. Go take your drama elsewhere. :)
Ready for the Weekend? :) #smile
works for me :)
:) my moods are so bipolar
thank you :)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I AM DYING :)) I AM LITERALLY IN FRONT OF IT AND I WAS LIKE
Yoohoo! Shattering all records #BajrangiBhaijaanStorm #SuperHappy :D
Who's awake :-)
Happy Friday :-)
my pleasure doll! Thank you for your wonderful energy in class! :)
F off :)
Delighted, m'dear!:)
hi emma. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?
Followback The Beautiful Girl Today :)
lyka followback :)
alrd joy :)
#OurDaughtersOurPride dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra...many congratulations Pita G...Keep them blessed as always :-)
Thanks yes let's hope so, at work so missing it!!:-)
Keeo guessing whats behind that white cover :) special for you.. happy bday once again my darling
Happy Friday everyone! :) A big #FollowFriday
That awkward moment when your name is 'Akarshan', But you end up staying 'Single'.
#ForeverAlone
I know :), you're hot always
Don't worry :) I know how much stress you were under and I had no problems with the site! I can't wait till the event!
What you say if Sweetpea starts to hold regular gluten free cakes and pastry workshops?:)
*highfive* You are probably ahead of me there, since I am less artsy than verbal :D
All my Bae :)) &lt;3
By :
just kidding kaaaa :p
Lovely chat about cycling in Oxford with a campaigner on way home yesterday - more cycle routes please! :) #cycling #Oxford
Wahoo Doing Team :-) #MasaanToday
Anchors at sea..:)
DAT RP THO. thank you so much you guys for celebrating one month of partnership with me!!! ty for the raid! :D
Visit #RobbenIsland for cultural experience, or try whale watching for aquatic #safari! Either are great :)"
At least it's Friday :D
Maybe there are Garrus, Liara and the rest of the crew. :D
thanks for the follow have a great day :)
We have massage appointments available for tomorrow morning in #Burnley. Give us a call to book in :) 01282 453 110
Great to hear you had such a nice day, thanks for visiting :)
I was bored so I did EVERYTHING :D
drama korea 49 days.:)
BTW!! Anyone is at who represent the Football Manager community on Youtube? :) #FM15 #FMFamily #VIDCON2015
You mean Aamir Khan is one out of them. :)
happy Friday! :)
RIGHT BACK AT YOU! You do an excellent job in a difficult medium :)
I Who wants a #FF S/O??"
i should tweet it :p
- hey, now! Come see us at the Summer Fine Food Fair on Sunday, 11am-4pm in the Riding School :)
please follow me liam :)
lovely write up :) I absolutely adore the NVA and am lucky enough to live 5 minuets away. Roll in GameCity!
#FF Thanks Brian :)
His headrest was loose, that's the reason he pitted :-)
Hi there, I've spoken with the store who have advised they do have a PayPoint and that card can be topped up :) Thanks, Beth
Will do! Thanks for your help :-)
Deepthroat was a good movie :))
Hallo Twitter :D
Then that truly is a LATERAL move! Now, we all know the Queen Bee is UPWARD BOUND : ) #MovingOnUp
Thanks and wish you the same :)
Aitor SnS, Would you mind checking my Bio and participate in PS4 giveaway? It could be that you are the winner :)
Hi Jawad, how are you today? Thank you for the follow &amp; the retweet! We very much appreciate it :)
Thanks :)
you actually need to stop tweeting and driving! :-)))))))
This kind of feedback truly made our day! A perfect way to end this work week :)
well that's presale tickets bought, thanks wonder if I can take a book with me...things we do as parents :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Hope it goes well! :-)
you betcha :) dumb butt :)
kik : qualky808 #kik #kikmenow #milf #like4like #bored #summer #sexysaturday :)
Followed all! :-)
Thanks :)
yes hun and you" I'm good too :)
Enjoy :)
Wow! A #VW bus with lots of 'Umpffffff'! Love it! :)
#AM to CA. Retweet domg nanti difollow ?( :D
"We" ??? you wish :D:D:D:D:D:D:D kidding
Not sure it would be good thing 4 my bottom daring 2 say 2 Miss B but Im gonna be so stubborn on mouth soaping ! #NotHavingit :p
yes I haven't car :)
I like them, especially the Klee ones :-)
you look amazing April love the glasses :D
I know :)
this is when we were building our house :)
Yeah, kinda feel like a warm butter in here :D
It really is; after a week of big decisions I too am feeling rather badass :)
i'm going to sleep. i hope i wake up with a follow from luke hemmings someday :) goodnight fam ily and 5sos a lot
Congrads !!! Better update your About page on the accomplishment !!! :-) Keep it up...
Filming all day I haven't been invited for some reason LOL :)
Before or after? :)
whenever my sister sees me crying she texts me to ask if im okay aw someone cares :-)
welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :)
T-shirt? :D awesome
Belated .. Thanks Thanks !! :D
Can't wait to see you there :-)
Happy happy birthday TO ME!!
Happy happy birthday To ME!! :)
take care! :)
Road trip to Tregaron to view potential new boar. Fingers crossed we bring the boy home :)
:) Good to know you :)
being told im gorgeous on my extremely sweaty walk into work has made my day :)
Morning all! Up and at 'em :)
glyon! :D
- the definition of perfection would have a picture of you next to it :)
INITIAL TEE's
PM for ORDERS :)
Confession :) nice
you're welcome :)
nice dave :D
I know how dumb, did she think of that on her own. But Johnny does rock have u seen his utube video's? Mad Respect! :D
Sorry for your loss and hope it goes well :)
Combine all three and add a bit of asian and u got YOURS TRULY :)
happy birthday!! :)
We got a call in the end and the pigeon is now home safe :) Definitely worth contacting them.
Morning! Hospital day today ! Hoping to finally get signed off after a long year of pain and ops ! #Fingerscrossed.:)
The best photobomb :D [pic]
thanks SE :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
I just finished day 33 of the plan 'Bible in 90 Days'. Check it out here: 2 Chronicles 23 completed :)
Yo gimme this month free on my bill since service has been out pretty much every other day :))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Hi,i'm definetly so exited ^^ I'm going to New york.:)
this Saturday! :)
i've typed worse things, it's all good :p
Beat Da Beat sits well with (includes new video) :-) #mobilegame #ios8 #Android
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
thank you :)
Soon... :)
Sure! :)
Looking for fun? KIK : thencerest547 #kik #kiksexting #sex #followback #l4l #indiemusic #kikgirl :)
goodnight guys :-)
remember tomorrow is a brand new day, a fresh start and another chance
Bom-dia :) APOD: Ultraviolet Rings of M31 (2015 Jul 24) -
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
thanks for the follow have a great day :)
Oooh how lovely! Hope you have a fantastic time :)
*yawns* good morning everyone *wags tail* how is everyone doing today :D
congrats on the launch :D
Happy and wonderful birthday my love Have the most beautiful day in the world :)
ftw and all. :)
Ah, I see. So which song do you prefer? Take or Maman? :)
hi hayley. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?
Gud afterznoon and jumma mubarak tweeeps :-)
Plz remember us in ur prayers
welcome to the Bomb family :) x
ABP NEWS ka article read kiya? :D #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
It's not like it hurt my feelings or anything right?? :))))))))))))
Check out our new Van outside the Olympic Park for Anniversary Games!!! :)
Every year in August I get fever :p dunno why
Yeah, it's a classy look :-). I've seen people attached to all sorts of 'life saving' equipment, some in beds,having their fix :-0)
its trending.. follow the bobble link. :)
next year for sure though :) there's only 2 girls that piss me off
where were you standing? so cool!!!! :)
Movie 'Key of Life' (Japanese Version) interesting storyline! :)
Thanks anu :)
Also, new layout new me :)
Im trying to D/L MH3 english patch for the psp :D
I wanted to tweet something but then I thought I'll probably lose a lot of liam girl mutuals so I won't :)
1 day to go:1 day left to sponsor us. no matter how small the donation, the difference you make will be huge :)
thanking you :)
Followed :)
Hey Emily, I love your work and I'd like to contribute to HuffPost Business, what's the best way to contact you? :)
"Asshole" That's an honest tribute :)
h_eartshapedbox: First leg of the magictrikband tour is going well! :D #music #band #rock #magictrik #tour
Towering over the ladies. :) #tb #eid
Whatsapp with roommate
"Do you want anything from Paris?"
"A French man :)"
LOL sure I'll just head to the park and grab one.
have a great weekend Tami and thank you!:))
This is just lovely :-)
I just want to look good for you :)
sure :)
Excited for the weekend :-)
b3dk far7an ank mis15 :)???
When God gives us strength, His purpose is that we should help others who are struggling :-)
lol i meant lucky eagle, but thank you for your services oceana. :-)
I just woke up and I feel incredibly sick idk if it's cause I drank Starbucks at 11 o'clock last night or if it's a reaction to my meds :)
Oops...that's called a #FridayFauxPas :) I'll get that changed right now! Thank you, G
I will fulfil all your fantasies :)
calling it a night and going to sleep Now :)
yeah they're giving me subtle hints. also tip #2: don't use it all and the community these last few years. :-) Prims Algorithm III
Funny, but yes too soon. It's always going to be too soon. :D
Thank you :) This is getting retweeted x
smiling after he received a text from his dad saying suck him off :))
so wat??:)
can't wait Rosa love xmas :) welcome back ann hope u had a good one back just in time :) x
Morning tweeps! New post for you today. Please like and share if you see it! Thanks :)
YVW Have a great day and weekend! :D
Awwww heres a quick workout now as a boost :-)))
Lol :D i know it was your idea :p coz you have unforgettable sense of humor ;) :) :D love you bro :*
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
mum's home.... HAHAHHAAH thank you lord :)
were you safe? :D
This girl :)
sombrero high?? OKAY I'M LOST NOW :))
helloooo! i'm rose, nice to meet you :)
Thank you for the screenshots po. Let me take care of this spammer for you. :) Before we proceed, c...
and perfect thing to pick :) #WSaleLove
thank you! did such an amazing job :)
don't die, you're actually pretty entertaining :p
congrats on 100k Man. Can't wait till I can hit that milestone too :)
Morning all...Judith here to answer any District Council related questions today :-)
see you tomorrow then :))))
saw a comment on how midares gender is unknown and like
:) yeah you just keep saying that
wow you really hate me :))))
I was watching that and saw Dan on it :)
thank you :-) ilysm xx
Thanks for trade :)
Looking forward to it!! :-) ^KS
you can Lesley :)
I want to protect this relationship more than the others. So I'll not talk about him because ppl don't need to know how awesome he is. :)
Oh dang. That is some zen looking "outside" space. Neat :-)
you look good in that outfit :)
Hiya, I'm afraid we've already picked our riders for this year! We'll be on the look out again next year :)
A very good morning to u too :)
ha ha. Ok honey. Go ahead. FYI - still dig ya. Enjoy voting. And then watch as he will have me by his side :)
Lucky me :))
Learning a new skill takes time to perfect &amp; master. - Thanks for the favourite :)
I've talked to u only a couple times but u seem very nice and funny :)
Agreed. Suspicious Minds :)
Good afternoon :)
Whoop whoop! Bring on the fun :)
A new report talks about how we burn more calories in the cold, because we work harder to warm up. Feel any better about the weather? :p
Say something, I'm giving up on you :)
And I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you :D
good night :)
there's gonna be another one in the finale :)))))
You're very welcome, Jessica. Enjoy! :)
my best friend Carina is one here in San Francisco. Let me know if you want to get I touch. :)
Thanks mommy teret for this :) (Y) :) #Potassium #Rehydrate #DrinkitAllup #ThirstQuencher
I'm sure that that Tapir calf isn't the only one who likes to be adventurous at mealtimes :)
if only there was uhc in a box on a large scale on one of those network servers :p
If ever you're both in the areal, we'll have to do lunch/dinner again. :)
Here's one for the #extremesports fans among you - if you love #quadbiking get in touch! :) #bloggersrequired #bloggerswanted
Thank you loved the cakes :) bear hug at the end
here is what MASA is doing nowadays!
No brainer type investment!
Should list on MSE a fund for that! :)
That is magnificent. :-)
I love working in Tokyo :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
yeah i will try looking. x :)
welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :)
:) hehe me gets it now. Think this means I need sleep nooooowwwww. Nite nite :)
hi 5 back to you :) :)
yes omg. I lile tid more than tmi :)
I may have been deploying a degree of sarcasm :)
Cute boy you have there Jules! :-)
Can't wait to be out there again. Just a few weeks now! :D
Thank you for following us, Betty Miller! A new friend is always welcome! :)
not person. Small things u expect from person u love the most :)
Yes HDDCS is also favourite. :) All Salman Khan movies are eternal in that case. I have not watched PTHHT.
oh shoot, well i am watching it now :D
far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)
a tope :))
Good night! Sweet dreams! : ) xxoo
Little finger is in this too??!! :D
Love it! :) 13 photos that explain why Ukraine is not Russia
Friday!:)
Hey Fam! Vote for if you haven't already :) WE GOTTA WIN THIS FOR OUR BOYS! #TeenChoice -S
Hi Jane, this is a Silver-washed Fritillary :)
my pleasure :)
have a great day hunny :)
Good night moon :) #pandora
2 APs no study hall? HAHA great :)))
I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK!! #TeamFollowback :-)
Ha but I almost gave a fuck. :) some boys are trash. Not wasting my time that's for sure
Amazing pics today on :D
yes we already added it, please do check our final design :)
nothing much, he just needs to grow up :)
Easy when you have a clever and interested audience, you are most welcome :)
great video :D
Why do you ask about it ? :&lt; ~ ended with him .. now i'm with him just friend :)
thank's for the follow Kevens :)
ha! Love both pics! Clearly I have much to learn about popular English pastimes. :)
#ashramcalling returns :p
I will catch you if you fall. Fall ontrack :)
always makes things better :)
guess they'll be showing in german and also with subtitles :)
pinter :-)
Gooood morninggggg and Jummah Mubarak everyone! Have a blessed and amazing day ahead :)
That is so cute :-)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
Have a fabulous time. Will miss you. :) xx
nothing. You're perfect. Smile :)
Never showed it much. :)
:-) Cheers Pete. Will have a listen later.
that's a build up for Sunday :p
I direct your attention to ... AWESOME-O! :)
You can get us on Tune In as well as our own app - multiple options! :D
don't over engineer it. :)
HAPPY FRIDAY! :D
Cya after a week!! :D
happy shopping :)
We had a fantastic show at Harrogate home and gift! Just back in the office for 2 days before jetting off to see my wonderful suppliers :)
nice one :D
yes let's do it :)
and I have to be up for 7 :):):):)
in Australia it's morning for them :D
Req All Of The Stars :) #FridayLouge
if only you knew that the whole class was crying because of your hurtful words. :)
it's an opportunity for anyone to ask me questions babe! You included :) #4thStreetMusic
Lunch at :)
I'll be in Hawaii in December! We'll have a kick back again. Miss you too :)
If it HAD been two ~17 year olds deeply in love? :-)))
aha that's alright we love you too :) ~ A
i hope nate notice my edit since i made it my icon &gt;.&lt; :)
Send it to me, :)
hah....and a thousand more lies :D
I'd be willing to try that! :)
Reading newspaper :D
My afternoon date. &lt;3 :)
here's a fan made art to u :) and to guys which phone is lew bending it :D
Nah, you're beaut just the way you are :)
In #Fallout4 we get to see the Glowing Sea. Again.
Technically did in Fallout 3. I just played again to see :D
I'm a friend of your cousin Karen Gunderson. Just watched Europa Report -- thoroughly impressed! Wanted to say, great script!:-)
no dry start here in Wales! I was waiting for a duck to overtake me on the motorway :-)
Good morning all! Have a fab Friday! :)
hahaha...and thus...I sneak away to log on to #niteflirt :D
yep we're all trash af im from indonesia hbu? :-))
You're obviously getting better at your tweets :-)
welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :)
Bowling is always best with friends :)
hopefully, I'll do it for you :) x
if its saying, it must be Chris Ellis :))
yes - in a friendly contest - loser buys the drinks :)
thanks for the follow have a great day :)
Thank you! :-)
Thank you! :D
a day to practice some songs :)
Here's a reminder. As if we needed one :-)
Harry and niall and -94 (when harry was born) ik it's stupid and i wanna change it :D
and a few select others.. will get to you :)
...and when we play the Al***n, he'll score all fucking night :)
with ma bff.. :)
hi here's my vid about Stydia if you can take a look :)
im sending Alex like a million pictures :)
you too lovely :)
Visit my blog thanks :D
Happy Birthday Nawazuddin Siddique...
Big, Big fan of yours. :)
yes please would brighten up my night shift #nomnomnom :D #chocolate #DukeFreebieFriday to xx
done eonni :)
have a fantastic night :)
and I have it :)
BOOM. It's a date! :D "z
followed already! Thanks! :)
thank you! :)
Will you be my happy ending? insyaAllah :)
thats the way we see it. west ham are a shit small club in london and villa are the 3rd biggest in brum :)
Denis has a vagina? Rly? :D poor thing :D
Smile. Its sunnah :)
Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" .Plz let me know what u think :)
Share it when ready! :)
oh my, the white rabbit is the cutest thing I've ever seen, no wait it's all adorable :)
you're welcome :) have a lovely weekend with Izzy.
Happy Birthday Mitch :-) i wish you all the best have a good day
Thank you :)
done ya minn :) #CJRadaCOMATEada
you welcome It was fun :)
I did until recently.#website upgrades so you might see a new picture on #coolingtowers soon.Thanks for #showinginterest :)
#FlipkartFashionFriday
Multicolored Maxi Dress paired wid Wedges to make ur Life Bright&amp;Colorful :)
Always motivated :-)
Nnnnnnot seeing an upside here. :-)
haha no it's Kyle and his gf's baby :)
lol ok i can watch ya for a bit :p
#BlueSidemenXIX I'd love to win one :)!
happy birthday :)
Hello :) We are now your ardent followers!
Goooood Mooorning :)
I want to sleep again...
My ghost #bae :D #love #wuppertal #TagsForLikesApp #instagood #me #smile #follow #cute #photooftheday
hahaha okay thank you :)
You Lose :D
hehe cool :)
Morning! How are u #today? What have u got planned? How lazy am I? I'm still in bed! Toast &amp; fresh coffee 2 :). Have a great #FridayFunDay
Welcome to the family :)
Re-signed! :)
can I just meet harry that's all I need in life :-)
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
One more sleep til the wedding :-)
Excited about the Chalkhill Park Celebration tomorrow from midday. Come join the fun :-)
hello!! :) love you Carter :)
What a good read :)
You too :-)
enjoy, hope weather holds for you guys :-)
done :)
the remedies the media won't tell you about :-)
Thank you :)
Jumma Mubarak All of You.
Stay Blessed :)
we're looking forward to being able to spend more time with you! :) enjoy iflix! :)
#TGIF
It's Weekend.......ENjoy :)
im thankful to have someone like you in my life to inspire me to be better everyday. i love you, mind following me? :)
Become better to atrack better :)
First and third look promising and if all else fails and you can make a decision to go with all of the above! :)
Crazy girlfriends be like :-)(-: Jesus Christ.
Morning :) you too. A gd day in store? I'm off to badminton with my 2 littl'uns! #FabFriday
I a kid inside!!! I want one!! :-)
Imran khan a hero :) really #IKPrideOfPak
Janjua is my friend.:)
I AM SO SORRY FUCKING ERIC THINKS HES FUNNY :)
it says my bday :)))))
check this pictures out and what do you think?:)
notice and follow me please?
There :) is :) a :) pimple :) on :) my :) forehead :) the :) size :) of :) a :) volcano :)
Good luck to all our couples getting married this weekend :)
Am Back again and again :)
Done na mag miryenda :)
waiting for it bro :-)
Party at our 3D printer :) Celebrating future technology's and it's possibilities #touchtoday
do u use any app to listen to music? if yes, what app? :-) idownloader
I get 25ish then more if I snowball :p
of course :)
nd its going to expire next year. dat is mtn 6gb for u :D , You really like it?
Happy Birthday ! Have a nice day :) #LoveU
I wanna go back to the time were everything is still fine. :-)
Celebrating life once again. :) #summer #MoreFunInThePhilippines Lahos Island, Caramoan Islands
Its such a nice quote :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
good stuff :). Love a bit of salmon
Jumma kareem :)
Friday Reminder: Do Recite Surah Kahaf..
i'm joining right now :D
y not , Sure .. :)
Hi Melanie :-) We do in fact, they're really used in cases where normal WiFi could be an issue as you mentioned. You can ....
This Quite Phenomenal Offer On Bosch Washing Machine In This Week's These Definitely Won't Last Long :)
One of those "ok i'll run for the photo' moments :D
Thanks for the refollow too! :)
I slept less that 7 hours last night, preparing myself for possible naps :p
idk :p she follows me
I feel like having a relapse :-)
Girl : nice wallet.
Boy : Prada hai..
Girl: you're so rich then..
Boy: stupid, I mean bhai ka hai. :p
#prada #PunjabisWillGetIt
How you? morning babe! :)"
lol sorry /-\ ultor is my very first hitter so...i favor him too much :))
i finished mass effect 1 yesterday and now i dont know if i shoud start mass effect 2 or 100% the game :)
Only my bad would remind me to exercise at 1:12 in the am :-).
I miss her. She needs to come back. Now.
Add me on KIK : ughtmed545 #kik #kikmeguys #kissme #nudes #likeforfollow #musicbiz #sexysasunday :)
It was overwhelming. My groupmates are thankful to me because our group got 1. 75 in a recitation because of me. :)
Ha! my mistake! Thanks for pointing it out! :)
kyunke Aitchison hai :p look at the responses to my original tweet, you'll know why my brother does this
Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :)
That's true, indeed! Curvy route :)
come chill by the fire :)
that monte/doa header :D
Haha X . What The :D
A TED speaker says stress is good for the body another speaker introduce ways to avoid stress :).TED=Thought laboratory :)
Things to be Noted Awesome :-)
I might lose a friend today but you know what idc! :)
good morning to you :D lol its really fuckin dark and it's gonna rain so hard in a couple of minutes
far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)
#FF amazing singer, actress and model :-)
Happy Birthday and see you tonight :)
i'm in amsterdam guys wooo :D
stuff just happens. :)
you have no friends :)
NeoBytes :) Universal Pictures seeds pirated movie copy, files takedown notice against itself
2)IndiraG wanted Judiciary to be committed to Govt policy. Now they want RBI to be committed. But I know many have similar views :)
What are your thought's on Kepler 452b? :D
any progress in Stones transfer to Chelsea ?? :D
GGs bro :) fun series
You always be part of me, I am part of you and defenitely... :p
of course man :) Nofx is my shit
#friskyfiday Yipeeee :) x
Morning Kim. Sorry to hear this. Can you shed some light on the issue so we can look into this? :) Helen
A great incentive to get kids to eat their Fruit &amp; Veges :-)
welcome sir :)
Do you know in average it takes 6 seconds to read this god dam mother fucking tweet. :)
thanks for favouriting our tweet to you. Up the Mariners :)
getting close now. Can't wait for the new season :)
GZ :D what did you named it =^.^=
Morning all. Day off :-)
I guess sleep was just not in my list of things to do today :-)
Hai Rajeev..hope u r hvng a funfilled friday.It ws realy amazing to c diff side of Kabir.Fell in luv with u again :) A smile pls
just prettier :) and mine :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOO YOU! Best wishes from Dresden/Germany :). LOVE YOU &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
(Please share this)
you wanna be a loser like me ? :)
Zayn please follow me, would mean the world! It's my birthday :D I love you so much, your amazing&lt;3
When you're congratulating your friend on his graduation but you lose the plot. :D
0 sleeps! is officially on her way to Paris! I cannot wait :) #paris #tdf2015
I put my trust on you! :)
Hey there, just a good suggestion, you guys should make a minions slot!! It would be so fun and cute :)
Happy b'day :)
hah....and a thousand more lies :D
wow,looking good isabella! Makes me wanna start working out back :D
going to my room now bc i have 3% :-)
Okeyyyyyy VDDDD :)));)))) So excited can't wait ... ! ! Love selfeeee pics on insta :) special coco .. #dishoom
No thinking of writing myself :)
Finally went to the drive in tonight :-)
thanks for the follow have a great day :)
So Im going to sleep Goodnight :)
hello :)
yup i know! okay let me try :) i done it. Hhahhaaa Haha.
i'm supposed to ask where do you buy albums :)
6 days to go! :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
At least there's one cool thing :-))))
Hey guys that's my new page!
Enjoy
Jeeze Tara move on, it's about #TeamCannibal vs #TeamSpaceWhalingIsTheBest now :p
Morning gym session done! Feels good to workout early...now to enjoy the rest of the day :) #friyay #workout #fitfa
I guess I never really identified myself with pharmacy :)
#VeryLateRealisation #IWishIKnewBetter
yeah we know there were lack of few things but hey please do check our final design, satisfy enough? :)
wow! Nice combination :)
Charging my speaker up finally got it earlier today :)
Doing :) #MasaanToday
Later turned out to be now :D
text me when you wanna meet up and I'll get them :)
Not long :)
Me and my friends never talk ess-aych-eye-tee about anyone :)
YAS.
Thanks for these :)
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
yeah the left one supposedly hurts more bc it's right over your heart apparently. It'll be fine! Good luck :)
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
AHH THANK U :D
niall followed a fan :) and i'm still here without his follow
My sisters are the best!!!! Best pre bday celebration :))))
among my all time fav tweets :D
happy birthday g. All the best in life :)
No need to stress out - they will be with you in time :)
no immediate plans but hopefully someday in the future :)
Could you make a Foxy's Song version in instrumental form? It sounds so epic on beats alone :)
I second that! Well done :)
Your thinking to hard in bed! :p
Tomorrow at the #GoldCoast :)
I like the way you said it Gal #LeloMustFall, you are so beautifull by the way :)
Happy to save the day :) Hope you enjoyed your meal Sam!
thank you min :)
5G Liker :)
like Fast :*
I like such morning when I got dress that I bought :) I'm totally in love with it #newdress #happy
#ff How could ANYONE resist this beautiful smile? :-) #quacketyquack
did u mean to hide the fots? :p
aww thankyou :)
Ok good night I wish troye wasn't ugly and I met him today:)():)!:!; but ok today was fun I'm excited for tmrw!!
indeed :-)
:) Good Afternoon :D
#TwitterFollowersWhatsUp
#HappyFriedDay
#KeepSafeAlways
#LoveYeah
#emojasp_here
okay :))))
That makes two of us then! :D
It hurts having to read about people's holidays when being at work :D
Nice to hear you want to switch to us :). Our Pro Kit would be the best choice for you if you follows this link it will
beautiful...winter? It's like summer in Russia :)
I thought youd like that mate :)
I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
dm me? :p
also come game with me :)
Thanks :))
:) Hope you enjoyed
Ok,the first time we chat,and then i made such a joke lol .I believe you wont forget me,will u ? :) my name is
#MyMonsoonStory The Body Shop Body Mist Vanilla,as it works wonderful on my skin :)
:) The best YouTuber out there... keep up the good work man #StarSquad #Sidemen
yaaaaayyyyyy you are my best friendaaaaaaa *shouts like minions* :)
Thanks for adding us to your list! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste.
#1TBPS4 Wow! what a prize! so delightful for my eyes, pick me to win and I will burst and sing "PS4 is mine and I feel divine" :)
In Bath? :) Even we dont have wheelie bins, nowhere to put them
Getting ready... #UberIceCream #messengerforaday :)
yeap :)
Must watch :D #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
Cool..... congrats Kylie!! U all look so nice :-)
I thought your work was seasonal, you will have really busy days. Ok so deal for weekends and in your toilet breaks :p
YOU ARE DADDY AF... :-)
The latest one :)
Happiness is when you make the most of what you have now. :)
So far so good. Ikaw musta cheatmate? :)
E.L.F: "Thank you for being a singer :)" | Kyuhyun: "Thank you for being E.L.F"
20 ghanton se light nahi :))))))
That one didn't last long. LOL
He has blocked me already.
It must have been all my nice tweets.
They hate them. :)
When ur skin thinks ur still 16 &amp; decides to break out :-) cool
How?Easy.Get up at 5:30 am, go to work, come home bout 6, take care of home and family therein. That's how. You'll see. :-)
Thank you Majalah for having on your July issue :) Lovely
into a pity party so :-)
#TGIF unless you're one of my students :) Some light reading on #singapore #heroes #gp #essay #alevel
Dominique I'm your biggest fan like oh my I'm from England too can I get a fan sign :)
good, 'cause I'd like to upload it myself. :)
Goood mornin earthling ! :D
Happy tweeting! Are you liking the new build? :) ^MM
okay yay! Ask tomorrow please :)
Always :)
Be positive!
You too Lamp Shop :))
My word, &amp; - what big sites you've got! Changes a-foot :) #website #development #revamp
I voted for #brainchild 3 times, please may I have a poem? :D
Over Confidence Confined U In Ur Own Limits...:)
Wishing you were in Colorado :)
Happy #Friday folks!! If your order your #Goodyear #Tyres online you can get upto 40 cashback!! (T&amp;Cs apply) #yourewelcome :)
Nightly routine of simpin :-)
Add me on the snapchat yall :) give me your names
I'm looking for influencers for my app :) If you're interested, here's your invite
Sketchbook art by love4wilde Drawing of hair I did turned out pretty cool :D #art #hair #colors #colorpencils #cray
am tuned back in. With hubby :) can u play him queen pls
Fell asleep at like 6:30 and now can't fall asleep and I have to be up in two hours :-)
Great night with great people :)
imma use this next time :)))
Ob 11h v kino? Why not! :)
Goning to make thos a positive day :) you're an adult and i can't keep on acting like your mom..
Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" .Plz let me know what u think :)
Great, I went to Kardamena, last summer, amazing beaches and wonderful sea, but this year It's time to go Samos #Greece :) :) !!
The chicken in my Caesar Salad was a tad bland, but I can live with that. :)
i love it how your not afraid to respond to hate :)
ily x x x
First leg of the tour is going well! :D #music #band #rock #magictrik #tour
okk den call abp n spread it on allover d India n abroad as well :p
thank you so much! :)
Please let us know which store you will be able to visit so that we may inform them and they can be expecting you. :)
Your tweet is very much appreciated! Thank you for being such a dedicated member :)
and freedom to hangout with whoever you want to!!!!!!!!! :)
I'm liking this :)
Hi :-) If you're looking for tourist info get our application ZonzoFox clicking this link Bye ;-)
its leo season :-)
Life Is All About Kutiyapanti :D
I Love My Life For This :D
thank you for your support :)
#KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month
we Professional we do hits videos : Wicked Boomshot fuh di world even yours thank you :)
Yeeeey, welcome to the club. Its been one and a half years off whatsapp.. and i donot regret it.. :)
No problem :) it's a pleasure
send one please :) i wont expose or roast &lt;3
lemme cover u in lipstick n cran vodka :-)
ROAD TRIP!!! :D
I always walk past this place! May have to go in and try them for myself now ! :D
yeah but now I've lost my 's - calling it a day :)
Jummah mubarak to all
Remember me in your prayrs :)
are you a member of by any chance? :D
I missed you baby :) #onemochaonelove
Yo Southpaw was a GREAT movie someone better be getting an award for it :D
The musical and human genius that is Stromae! :)
LIVE on #YouNow - Jonah and jareddddd :)
&gt; Message: full name, d.o.b, address, postcode and Talkmobile phone number. Thanks! :)
Last classes this morning before two week break! :-)
Happy Happy Birthday Emily! :D
ELF Fighting HuHa :D :)
My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!
I may find this very confusing :)
*just a simple wolf*
nice pic :)
what are you promoting?:)
Yeah! The bird transforms into a sword. :D
it is not even a real word :D
it does, you could have misread worse things :p
It's not forwarding Richard...it's 'follow' :)
Hey, You like FNaF? Check out our Youtube Channel! :) via
Yup, happen everywhere when people cant debate they come to name calling :-)
Just need to get through work today then to Ibiza! :):):) #birthdaymoneyforjesusjuice
anytime :)
mistakes happen man, as long as we get to play the game, we'll be happy :)
Hey, wanna check out our YTB Channel? We post Gameplays &amp; Tutorials! :) via
On this one constructive criticism welcomed :) #ganesha #texture #photography #art #hinduism #hindugod #elephantgod
yes and you've always been selfish as fuck :)
Hey, You like FNaF? Check out our Youtube Channel! :) via
I WANT to create the FIRST #Bboying #Cardgame with #pixelart #gamedesign :D!!!! What do you think ?? #indiedev #pixel_dailies #gamedev
sounds still like a good idea :)
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. :) _ Bruce Lee
Mans singing under the rain :)
Laguna again. :) see you
Time nhi tha Office work bahot tha so
10 baje raat ko liya tha Hath me Try to Create Best.
But 2 ghante me itna hi bana paya
That's not true.
I can quit whenever I want to.
thank you :) out and about there this weekend so will try my best :) !
If u like uta read the manga :-))) you'll love him even more :-))) haha yeah
Family hang out :) ^_^ feeling festive at Jamuna Future Park
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out \:)/
remember when she sent out all those presents last Christmas?? That was dubbed "Swiftmas" :)
you miss this! :-)
Super proud of :)
lovely pics, a fab show :-) x
morning :)
In Tha at case, Trion and their interactions on the forums and on Twitch. :)
that's the spirit :) #WsaleLove
All sorted in the early hours. Thanks again for your help &amp; raising the initial issue. makes the community what it is :)
Hii, can you follow me, please? I'd like ask you one thing in dm :)
Happy B-Day :)
that's disgusting so glad you have your acc back :) I hope they get what they deserve
Back to 80s?! A brand new #Commodore64 Programming community is in town now!!!! :) &gt;&gt;12th August
okay :)
im wearing mine when I dj next fri :-)
Thank you for taking the time to tweet us Annabel! We'll pass this on to our London Bridge team :)
he already does :)
I am in every way like Jess. :)
happy Friday! :)
Short, routine #quest from #Borderlands :) #wanderrook
thanks for that. You've made my day! :) Let's organise a meeting soon. Are you based in London?
I'm that person that has to workout and eat healthy because the minute I don't I gain weight :-)
Meet My Precious
My Soft Lady my Real Friend Mizz precious :) ;):*
How Many Likes For Her No...
aameen..:)
Long Live Pakistan..#BleedGreen..
already following you back oppa :)
Liam and Sophia in Chicago :)
Btw, about that honeymoon :) These are for you.
Yeah, bring the boom to Da'esh while co-ord with the FSA. #Estatic :)
Welcome :), when's your next meet ?
Singer Dusty in TUNISIA &lt;3 Music for TUNISIA &lt;3 it was wonderful, very nice people :-) &lt;3
YOUTUBE:...
la class's :p
Hahaha Go Doug! :-)
Forgot to ask, but may I post it on FB? Happy Friday :-)
Visit my blog thanks :D
When everyone is fuckin irritating :)
That also means, imma go back to being more twitter active :D
Cause I know everyone missed me ;) xD
Hello Ladies! Apologies for the delay. Please DM us your address size details and we'll ship the prizes. :)
Here &gt;&gt; Free $5 Voucher for my twitter friends to use on Fiverr :)
Oh Gina, you have been busy :-) Can't wait to see you and hear all xxx #soproud
Happy Friday everyone! We hope you've all had a fantastic week! :) #Friday
Yes the One and Only Team :)
Happy belated Birthday sweetie :)
morning Emma :)
Thanks Guys :)
then why would he say they did? :-)
Love makes two hearts one. :)
Thanks for adding us to your list! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste.
Thanks Mrs Bee!! xxx :-)
Thankyou :)
Close enought ? :)
Good luck...another potential favourite watering hole :-)
Bad Boys :) #burgers #melbourneburgers
who wants to ft me and Arianna :-)
Everyone follow :)
Hey Lesley, so sorry they did not get to you, I shall send you some more out in the post tonight :)
Thank you Esai :-)
Thanks for texting me back :)) I'm not texting you tomorrow :))
i unfollow back :)
hope you are enjoying your stay in Rotterdam. And now you know how to cheer on "our" Jordy Clasie :)
hi my hot girl did I say how very hot and horny you are darling xx :)
sure. Done. :)
if the salon bleaches your hair with Olaplex it won't damage it like at all :)
It's all about teamwork, right? :D #ZitecOfficeStories
#FF #HappyFriday have a great #Friday :-)
sure :)
# #GOT7
Let's have got7 facts :)
the is still on tomorrow? A work colleague is interested in bringing his kid along :) can point him to EB page
Tack &lt;3 :D
T'would not be a TweetUp without you You are booked on rest assured. We have you booked on too :)
Thank you so much - I didn't know the greatest magical detective #JonathanCreek was back on TV! Off to set the DVR now!! :)
getting home at 4 waking up at 9 :):)
Thanks for taking time to tweet this Kat :)
It's been a lot rarer in my life than on twitter :)
okkkk frends milte h break k bad :)
What could be more fun than a sexy girl? TWO sexy girls :)
.. Thank you Mario... Have a wonderful Friday.... :))
Have fun Danielle! Hope it goes well :-)
Thanks! I hope you've got a good book to keep you company. :-)
yeah i've watched them before but of course rewatches will now be ad free and faster I hope :) thank you, i look forward to more!
priced around 1600. I'm gonna forward you some info about it to your email so you can decide if you're interested :)
Has A got out of bed yet? :-)
awwww! Sige next time u know na punta kayo dun, imma make sure na we'll go din! :-)
sure thing :) x
...because it's Friday :D (y)
of course, i would like that :) x
NOOOO i didnt even know thats how you actually typed it out i googled :)
i found my prompt :-)
just chillin w/ my salmon :)
to see beauty, you have to believe in its existence first :)
HI J, you can upgrade from T-Mobile, Orange or EE with us. DM your mobile number to me and I'll ask sales to call you :)
congratulations, really looking forward to the book and some good Sunday morning viewing. That's an awesome teapot BTW :-) x
Three refreshing cocktails for an even hotter summer! Which one suits you? :)
#londoutrading #cocktails
I LOVE YOU :) &lt;3
WIP. Let me get a few things tweaked and I'll link you up :) Max kal tak.
fab giveaway :)
In case you didn't.. it's on my Facebook wall. :p
Stats for the week have arrived. 3 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
HOME ALONE :D
wishing you a happy birthday have an awesome fun filled day :D
I will let you know if I hear of anything :) xx
Wayward Pines later!:)
yeah but it will be better if we use her official Account :) Like The Other
Rock muscles! :D #iLikeit
far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)
Check this page belonging to one of our Watford Community Housing Trust enterprise cube particpants :-)...
follow back me pleasse :)
omg thats such a sweet thing to say thank you :-) yeah i used to go to saudi arabia a lot because of my dad
#TY! #FollowFriday for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
Good luck for ur exam :)
We are the one and only approve and recognized Fanbase for BAILONA :)
It's nice seeing people changing what they need to fix. Because they care. :)
Your happiness is your responsibilty. So, don't ask others to make you happy! :) #FB
off to the park to get some sunlight : )
My happiness. :) &lt;3
Good night, Tiger! Sweet furry dreams! : ) xxoo
nice one :)
Who wants to elevate from your position? Who wants a promotion! Who wants the favor of God and the favor of men... :)
I'm so insecure tonight :-)
&lt;3 you guys! :)
and Dan
God bless you all. Meet and Greet soon :)
mom + :) = horror movie
oh hell yeah :) I'll be expecting a text next Tuesday
You're welcome Sabah :-)
Match day Bitchessss !!!
Real Madrid vs Man Shitty :D
I squashed the commits. Did it still make 200 commits? :)
we are down in the west country this weekend so next riding day is Tuesday :) sunny weekends all around
#OurDaughtersOurPride Many Many Congratulations to you PAPA ji :)
thanks becca :)
love the new song Delta you rock :)
we saw this and thought you might need an upgrade as the girls are getting bigger :)
at first I did love you, but now I just wanna fuck, late night thinking of you until I got a nut :-) :v
"look...
Enjoy a cute baby panda! :)
done yun :)
Watching Joe dirt 2 :)
Ohh #HappyFriday! Thanks for the love team. :)
Always be positive :). #postive #selfie
Good morning Sharon. I really hope she is doing better today too &amp; that her medicines works. Thank you, I will :) ttyl x
Oh fab Gav she's a lovely lovely lady Linda talked to her a few times on here great actress :D X
follback :D
Answering super sonically Fast :) Would love to win with you for the very first time ;) #GOHF
3hrs before.. :) tym to prepare
dieback music pack totally worth it! It's awesome :) #dota2
morning! :)
I think I might endit my London photos &amp; vids into a Minecon &amp; a London video :) just to look at and remember the great time. *-*
ok... sering2 play yah min.. HAHA :))
JoeRine scene :)))))
JOSHANE POWER TANDEM
:D I can't sleep until I need to. If I try I just lay in bed bored
Stats for the day have arrived. 6 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
"I shouldn't b called a friend if I am not there when needed" :)
Hello Ligao City, Albay! :-)
#Concert
#BCYC
#LNHS
goodnight ! i love Luke with all my heart :-) all my love
Happy Birthday!! Enjoy your vacation!:)
Congratulations Sat on your 3rd honorary degree from everyone at Alacer :)
Hey Raspberry Island : skelo_ghost :) Want to get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Kindly check my bi0. Thx
Thank u!! :)
thanks for being so great!:)
You deserve all of that and madadagdagan pa yan :-) Congrats again :-) #BMC &lt;3
Save your money
Or use them in a good way
Money is money
It's for better life
And fun :)
Have a nice day
11:11
when u find our ur friends ditched u "cause of a lot of things" :) WTF HAVE I DONE IM ACTUALLY A NICE PERSON
Then Order Some Dress.. :) :)
I like your eyes :D
Dear person, please study before embarrassing urself. Entropy works 100% w/ evolution :)
yes I will stay in touch :)) are you on Instagram??
Looking forward to this! Always love Giggle Loop. Two other great acts too :)
Cheers for the mention... even if it's in the wrong section :)
TY again dear Eva.
I'm totally agree with you :-)))
Keep Smiling u all
here in Spain is morning :) Good morning Ian!
On another note, found this in Camden Town... :D worked to.
won't even talk to me just great :)
ohhh 'll wait for 28 :) luv uhh
Thanks for the favorite! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste.
with SCoups^^ they are for 17 like jren is for nuest!:D
Oh lovely lovelayyy! Thanks! It is ok about the kidney.. I don't want it anyway. :p
Neuer Post Online :) Fixing Spray
do check us out!:) - Untangling was never easier! #DTangle #patent #innovation
No class today but I traine with some friends :)
okay let me get my bat :))))
No one falls in love by choice, its by chance... :)
and you would have to email me on - :-) ta ---
That's great to hear, we'll be sure to pass on your thanks to our staff :) -Nic
just seen this at uni.. He has more talents :)
Uff Itna Miss karhy thy ap :p
Aww love it. My kind of men :))
this #mca money tells my story :)
You did save their lives! :-)
Hey Juaquin : V3NZOR99 :) Want to get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Kindly check my bi0. Thx
because you're breaking out of your shell :-)
Truth. :D
Fantastic. Thank you :)
heyy :) can u rt this link and tag michael? please. thank you
The hashtag says it all ................ :)
still more green tea blends with other flavors. :)
i'm very excited for what's coming :) he really deserves it.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows..... :-) :)
sometimes :-)
I'm so sorry! I ran out with a friend after having a rough day. I'll try to stream on Saturday! :)
get well soon :) xx
Me + Bed = Best couple ever :)
is my favorite apple sauce :)
Nice Holiday Honey!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-) Kisses
follow back me pleasse :)
Thakyou sir :)
thank you Beatriz :)
Rt to be in Bailona group chat ,
Mention to be approve FANBASE :)"
party cancel :p #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
Thanks for the follow :-) Hope you've had a great week?
Puff pastry egg tarts. Hot and fresh from the oven. :) Wan Chai MTR
Thank you for following us :) if you like cool new products, check out our campaign:
making Alyssa rub my tummy :)))
ALMOST DONE WITH MY MASTER SWORD :D -Princess Zelda
ive emailed you regarding course query! :)
Happy Birthday #Jiva for ever :)
Awesome news mate. Well happy for you :)
Jumma Mubbarak :)
To all
Gorgeous, Deborah! Good taste! :) You can use coupon code COLOURDEB for red, purple or blue here: Thanks!!
im sure it wasnt anything we're not already used to :) Glad ur home!
Woooo! Happy Friday friends :) #ff
Planning to send my email to chippy's vessel on Monday with PS : Happy Anniversary haha :))
Computer #sex? Count me in ! :) #funny #vintage
if it's no use to you, I'll pick it up next time I'm down :) yeah, I'll cook in my nice big kitchen!
Love it! Great collage :)
Thank you for always putting
a smile on my face
Mind following me? :)
Have a nice day x
1710
Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - GooffeAnottere #snapchat #kiksex #snapme #lesbian #instagram #mpoints #mugshot :)
Can't sleep so much I want to do for all you love bugs but I only made 33 tokens never mind they are yours :)
Gamer Follow Train!
Follow Me
Retweet this
Follow all who retweeted
Gain active followers :) 110
Look forward to hearing your thoughts :) #maritimenation
Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via
There's some stunning show gardens RHS Tatton Park Show. Wonderful designs, construction &amp; planting :)
Here you behave or else u jump_Julias Malema :D
Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt;
Have a Great Friday Frens :-)
nuf with the teasing already - show us the aliens now - everyday we seem to get closer to seeing our alien cousins :-)
New monitor goodness :D
Good morning Kimmy :)
is your channel's show #PlanetBollywoodNews 's full epi available online?! :)
Evolution ! :D
fback?:)
i love airports :-):-))
I love you too :) And now I want corn chips :)
Thank you :) Tricky bt v important subject.
Hah.... :D
Don't say sorry...
Be-shak :p
but you can with me :)
Happy Birthday, Miss Chenoweth! Hope its a great one... have oodles of cake :)
Happy Birthday Gorgeous Hopefully i'll see you at the fair :)
im going to bed i love hailey and milks CrAY SXXX CL runway look :)
That feeling when someone shares a review you worked hard on :D
gooodnight i love all the boys and iv ris zoe katy jaycy jen :)
Well buds, guess I'm going to bed, goodnight guys, see you in the morning, or whatever I woke up :)
thanks for the follow have a great day :)
Thank you :)
it's not a bad thing!!! I think we all have weird faces!!! It's rad :-) thanks though!!
"You make me alive, You make me suffer, You make me feel..
Addictive song i always sing in KARAOKE :-)..
he really is such a cutie :D
Ltsw here we gooooooo! :-)
Thanks for the favorite! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste.
I threw my phone at the wall :)))))
that is a giant balloon! I want one :)
we just face timing :)
what's the hashtag for the weekend guys? :)
this one looks like it needs much more careful study I'll favourite it for later :-)
your welcome hun :) Thanks for following me!
its 12pm here :)
THANK YOU SO MUCH MOM FOR GETTING TICKETS :)
Thanks Manila_bro for the follow! Let's connect soon. :)
LOL I sometimes tweet from account lol but only on days when we are both home but I dont have a lot to say now :D
Thank you for always putting
a smile on my face
Mind following me? :)
Have a nice day x
1709
i hope one day he'll fall in love with a strong woman to let him see all the things that he refuses to see now. :)
Actual LOL!
that's such a great idea, be lovely to have a fellow veggie! :-)
c) 75% is made up of collagen #ans2win #HopeToWin :)
awww thanks hey, a million :). Enjoy your weekend hey
Or that. I guess I need to build my content around my image inventory a little bit then :)
Gamer Follow Train!
Follow Me
Retweet this
Follow all who retweeted
Gain active followers :) 1
Snap me :)
What brings you #together with your #friends and #family? #LoveForFood #FoodForThought #ThoughtForTheDay :)
carpe diem Mr Nath :)
yep I'd been doing it without Ning it then was recommended a book and thought wow! This is it :) I think general positivity leads to
#TY Appreciate your recent Retweets have a great Friday :)"
11:11 meet michael and hug him so tight and talk to him and tell him he's important and that I love him so much and make him smile :D
me: as long as i feel comfortable im gonna wear what i want
my mother: haha...that sounds nice...but no :-)
congratulations to you daughter! :D
goodnight I love everyone but hate myself because in stupid :)
Thank you for filling me in! Although my opinion still stands, BUT we can just agree to disagree, no harm done! :)
You'll see me Saturday :p I'll see you then Stormy :D
Its time 2 party :D
upgraded ans synced up. Plus it can be done from a single remote device. Getting there folks. :)
haha I know!! Not messing about :D
Want to say a huge thanks to #FF Thanks for the support :)
Found the song you mentioned; the Nylons on the GVB cd 'It Takes a Mountain.Titled 'Do unto Others ' #theworldwouldchange :)
as it's related to you I would make a new category on your blog. Then everything is on one place :)
yah know I'm good at faking mah emotions :)
It's going to be a nice Mother Daughter day out today :)) even though it's raining this morning! Have a great day folks xx
idk but cant wait for tonights panel to be up for people :)
:) now, i have a reason more to dream....
I'am ELF, hbu? :)
follow back me pleasse :)
PS I took 80-1 so I am hopeful on all counts :-)
Thank you for always putting
a smile on my face
Mind following me? :)
Have a nice day x
1708
yeah Neenkin congrats on your successful masterpiece! :)
Goodmorning.
Just smile through the debit orders :) it will all soon be over.
Thanks the work you do for the beagles is amazing, you are incredible! :)
Rt to be in Bailona group chat ,
Mention to be approve FANBASE :)
Remember someone :) See You Again (feat. Charlie Puth) by Wiz Khalifa
of course :)
Hi Dylan and Tyler!! :)
is my favorite tea :)
all i've done today is watch law &amp; order: svu. i love being sick :-)))
my pleasure :D enjoy your day!!
Fine day :)
As the morning wears on, its getting darker. Is it end of world day today instead of September? :-)
LMAO! LOVE it, Bernie! :D
lol ... Morning :) ... It's wet but hey it's Friday :)
i aint never uploading lol. Also found another vid of u dancing to henrys trap; keep going on your fitness journey tommy! :)
yes I think it will b stupid to discuss abt wild card entries as of now
Now jst waiting for Vivian's performance :)
New Blog! An Important Life Lesson I learnt from watching this movie :) Something that everyone needs to remember! xx
I'm not the best, not the most perfect, but I promise to love you with my whole heart. :)
-Its u with transparent...glasses..:-)
thanks for sharing Bitcoin News Stream, have a great Monday :) (insight by h
Yes it is :D
Thanks for the retweet! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste.
I rang in sick yesterday, then told them I'd be back in today. I'm better this morning anyway, and I have a day off on Sunday. :)
Ping! I'm watching your TL like a hawk! :D
make use of the masquerade mask!!!! Lol #zorroreturms :-)
We hope it helped! :-)
Congrats to you and Ryan, Jamie! Delighted for you :) xx
Thank you for always putting
a smile on my face
Mind following me? :)
Have a nice day x
1707
Thanks for the mention, happy Friday :)
ye to #Pk hay :p
Hi Jacqueline, we're so sorry to hear this. Please DM us your contact details and we will give you a call :)
A passion for beer which ultimately made its way to become a full-fledged business :) #Entrepreneur #Startup
thanks guys :) was fun :) another 1 ;)
Hi I'm only seeing workplace one in my venue list. I'm not sure how to fix this? Thanks :)
Oh wow thank you :) my skin going to be perfect by the time I head to Lagos #Travel
wow luxord looks really amazing here in his new kingdom hearts 3 promo art !! :)
New potatos from the garden - and hundreds more to dig up :)
Love it! :D
Thank you. Have a lovely weekend everyone. :-))
Well this totally blew my mind this morning : )
Of course! Now I've been cited in an academic paper I feel I've arrived :-)
Life is smile :)
thanks for the info :)
i will surely watch pokiri 1nenokkadine are my all tym favs :-) #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1
yang on retweet ~! :) :D
Who's still awake ?:)))
It was a heritage sword made of wood, so no :D
You're right ! Thx Andrew &amp; have a great day :)
so true :)
i beleaf in u :-)
it's a cool video i love it...:) thank u
Season 11 set Have a nice Friday #SPNFamily ! :)) #SPN11 #AlwaysKeepFighting #JaredPadalecki #JensenAckles
cool. :D
Exactly! :D
peasant seats to watch a peasant team...I don't mind :p ahahha
Chris, that's great to hear :) Due times &amp; reminders are indeed planned, both will be available in the not too distant future!
Thanks for the shout-out :) It's great to have you aboard
Hey! :) Long time no talk...
as Matt would say. WELCOME TO ADULTHOOD.... :)
you could say he will have egg on his face :-)
